sentence	
"Ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much ."	
Illuminating if overly talky documentary .	
"However , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with Stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts ."	
"Though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static ."	
"Like most Bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike ."	
A heavy reliance on CGI technology is beginning to creep into the series .	
The story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture .	
You 'd think by now America would have had enough of plucky British eccentrics with hearts of gold .	
Son of the Bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness .	
Absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way .	
While McFarlane 's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films ... it 's also so jarring that it 's hard to get back into the boys ' story .	
"In a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel ."	
"I enjoyed Time of Favor while I was watching it , but I was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory ."	
Between the drama of Cube ?	
"Somewhere short of Tremors on the modern B-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes ."	
You Should Pay Nine Bucks for This : Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected .	
"A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action ."	
It is nature against progress .	
It 's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak .	
Like Mike does n't win any points for originality .	
"Ray Liotta and Jason Patric do some of their best work in their underwritten roles , but do n't be fooled : Nobody deserves any prizes here ."	
"Its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it 's too slowly paced to be a thriller ."	
"The seaside splendor and shallow , beautiful people are nice to look at while you wait for the story to get going ."	
"Maybe it 's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades ... But honestly , Analyze That really is n't all that bad ."	
"Watching Haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment ."	
The kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you .	
It wo n't bust your gut -- and it 's not intended to -- it 's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke .	
"Purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that U.S. foreign policy has played in the rise of Castro ."	
"Though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial ."	
Polished Korean political-action film is just as good -- and bad -- as Hollywood action epics .	
Is this progress ?	
Never mind whether you buy the stuff about Barris being a CIA hit man .	
"The additional storyline is interesting and entertaining , but it does n't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story ."	
You might not buy the ideas .	
"Just what makes us happy , anyway ?"	
Has it ever been possible to say that Williams has truly inhabited a character ?	
It is now .	
`` its successes are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right . ''	
"It would be interesting to hear from the other side , but in Talk to Her , the women are down for the count ."	
"Now , if it only had a brain ."	
"Nearly surreal , dabbling in French , this is no simple movie , and you 'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it ."	
High on melodrama .	
"Easier to respect than enthuse over , Andersson 's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing ."	
Girls gone wild and gone civil again	
But it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .	
Is office work really as alienating as ` Bartleby ' so effectively makes it ?	
"Audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film 's tart , sugar-free wit ."	
... the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes `` What Time Is It There ? ''	
"Hey , who else needs a shower ?"	
One Hour Photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it 's just too bad it does n't have more flashes of insight .	
"Starts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end ."	
"The story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that 's rare in film today , but be warned : It 's a slow slog to get there ."	
... has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they 're ghosts imagining themselves as alive .	
Notorious C.H.O. has oodles of vulgar highlights .	
"Unfortunately , they 're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of Kahlo 's life imaginable ."	
This is n't a new idea .	
Her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .	
"It 's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone 's head"	
"It 's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer ."	
"This boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of Chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy ."	
"Stevenson 's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination ."	
The saturation bombing of Reggio 's images and Glass ' evocative music ... ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning .	
"A depressing confirmation of everything those of us who do n't object to the description `` unelected '' have suspected all along : George W. Bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide ."	
"... a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway ."	
Only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : Anthony .	
Hopkins .	
"As a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it does n't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions ."	
Several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare .	
"A Generation X artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely can not last ."	
"Possession is Elizabeth Barrett Browning meets Nancy Drew , and it 's directed by ... Neil LaBute ."	
Hmm .	
This is pretty dicey material .	
You do n't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable B-minus to The Emperor 's Club .	
"Viewed on its own terms , Treasure Planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the Stevenson 's novel will likely prefer Disney 's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic ."	
It wo n't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .	
"Although the editing might have been tighter , Hush !"	
Haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you 're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed .	
"In the end , Punch-Drunk Love is one of those films that I wanted to like much more than I actually did ."	
"Sometimes , that 's enough ."	
Director Nalin Pan does n't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other .	
No question .	
"Still , I 'm not quite sure what the point is ..."	
Do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman does n't work ?	
"The film 's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen ."	
Do n't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches ...	
"As adapted by Kevin Molony from Simon Leys ' novel `` The Death of Napoleon '' and directed by Alan Taylor , Napoleon 's journey is interesting but his Parisian rebirth is stillborn"	
Not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen .	
"But if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh , will you be shocked ."	
"It risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise ."	
"Though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters ."	
No wonder they 're talking about `` Talk to Her . ''	
It 's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .	
has a plot full of twists upon knots ... and a nonstop parade of mock-Tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill .	
Just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .	
"If you 're not into the Pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years wo n't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open ."	
"Not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs to be to stand out , but it has clearly been made with affection and care ."	
the plot is so amusingly contrived and outlandish in its coincidences that no one could ever mistake it for anything resembling reality	
"At nearly three hours , the whole of Safe Conduct is less than the sum of its parts ."	
His warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .	
... an agreeable time-wasting device -- but George Pal 's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs .	
"Offers an unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole thing works ."	
"Lilia 's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous , but Abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth ."	
"` Charly ' will divide its audience in two separate groups , those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy ..."	
"`` 13 Conversations '' holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point ."	
Boisterous and daft documentary .	
It 's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be .	
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ? ''	
"Like its two predecessors , 1983 's Koyaanisqatsi and 1988 's Powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage Naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever ."	
No. .	
Search it out .	
Like a south-of-the-border Melrose Place .	
"I have n't seen one in so long , no wonder I did n't recognize it at first ."	
"Nothing Denis has made before , like Beau Travil and Nenette et Boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre ."	
Insomnia is involving .	
"Still , I thought it could have been more ."	
Francophiles will snicker knowingly and you 'll want to slap them .	
"... a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations ."	
"But in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing ."	
But this time there 's some mold on the gold .	
"Two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue , if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres , more 's the pity ."	
There has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes .	
I believe the message is in the messenger : The agent is a woman .	
The two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath ...	
The movie is n't always easy to look at .	
Its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces ... are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half .	
"Still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental ."	
"Fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots ."	
It took 19 predecessors to get THIS ?	
It 's haunting .	
... a well-observed and disturbing little movie	
"Half Submarine flick , Half Ghost Story , All in one criminally neglected film"	
The film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people .	
Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .	
Here 's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep .	
"You wo n't like Roger , but you will quickly recognize him ."	
"Ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a Communion wafer without the wine ."	
Suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative .	
"As a tolerable diversion , the film suffices ; a Triumph , however , it is not ."	
"If director Michael Dowse only superficially understands his characters , he does n't hold them in contempt ."	
A stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for Kissinger as a calculating war criminal .	
This Nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an Eddie Murphy film .	
"And just when you think it ca n't get any more gay , in pops Nathan Lane ."	
This riveting World War II moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of American culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .	
"In all , this is a watchable movie that 's not quite the memorable experience it might have been ."	
"If I had been thinking about the visual medium , they would have been doing something wrong ."	
Remember the kind of movie we were hoping `` Ecks vs. Sever '' or `` xXx '' was going to be ?	
This is it .	
"The film 's almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and sometimes destroy , blood ties ."	
It 's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant .	
"Ah yes , and then there 's the music ..."	
"Although Jackson is doubtless reserving the darkest hours for The Return of the King , we long for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of The Two Towers ."	
"It will not appeal to the impatient , but those who like long books and movies will admire the way it accumulates power and depth ."	
"`` The Ring '' is pretty much an English-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws ."	
Is this love or is it masochism ?	
A subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience ; The Pianist does not .	
"Creepy , authentic and dark ."	
"An absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss ."	
Forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of Friday-night excitement and Milla power .	
"It may seem long at 110 minutes if you 're not a fan , because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert ."	
"Maneuvers skillfully through the plot 's hot brine -- until it 's undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors ."	
It 's a scathing portrayal .	
What Time Is It There ?	
is not easy .	
"Claude Chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that 's okay ."	
Unflinchingly bleak and desperate	
Moretti 's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .	
But it 's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .	
It 's like watching a nightmare made flesh .	
"I ca n't say that I liked Homeboy ; it 'd be more accurate to say that I found it intriguing , bizarre , Dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way ."	
"If the first Men in Black was money , the second is small change ."	
"Passable entertainment , but it 's the kind of motion picture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards ."	
"Pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins ."	
At all .	
"While it regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century , and returns again and again to images of dissidents in the streets , it 's alarmingly current ."	
"Every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency ."	
An appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles .	
This movie is a snow emergency .	
"A beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in Iran ."	
Kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble .	
"The whole is quite entertaining , but despite its virtues , there is an unsettled feeling to the film ."	
"It 's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way ."	
"If you 've ever wondered what an ending without the input of studio executives or test audiences would look like , here it is ."	
"This film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities ."	
Viewers of `` The Ring '' are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes .	
Nothing is sacred in this gut-buster .	
"The movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it 's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge ."	
Part low rent Godfather .	
Part Three Stooges .	
A thinly veiled look at different aspects of Chinese life clashing with each other .	
Which is n't to say that it 's the equal of some of its predecessors .	
If this story must be told and retold -- and indeed it must -- then The Grey Zone is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle .	
"Opening with some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends , the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half ."	
The modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .	
It 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .	
An absurdist spider web .	
Some movies blend together as they become distant memories .	
"With three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations , it 's enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective ."	
"By no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story ."	
It 's not a great monster movie .	
"But if you 've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there 's guilty fun to be had here ."	
Chomp chomp !	
An exhilarating serving of movie fluff .	
"Dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch ."	
"Too often , Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''"	
A party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .	
"Those who love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved ."	
"Flawed , but worth seeing for Ambrose 's performance ."	
"Lookin ' for sin , American-style ?"	
"Try Hell House , which documents the cautionary Christian spook-a-rama of the same name ."	
Frida is n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance .	
"... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot ."	
"... creates a visceral sense of its characters ' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above ... what could have been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology ."	
"Despite its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` Lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script ."	
A brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .	
"Although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything ."	
"While some will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , Soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation ."	
"The result is more depressing than liberating , but it 's never boring ."	
"Same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse ."	
The date movie that Franz Kafka would have made .	
"A fine film , but it would be a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories ."	
"You might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead ."	
"The movie is well done , but slow ."	
"This Orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed ."	
Paul Bettany playing Malcolm McDowell ?	
... a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance	
"Made to be Jaglomized is the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money ."	
Rabbit-Proof Fence will probably make you angry .	
"Decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like ."	
"A droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State ."	
Imperfect ?	
But not a whit more .	
Watching a Brian DePalma movie is like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .	
"As it is , it 's too long and unfocused ."	
"What Eric Schaeffer has accomplished with Never Again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary ."	
The pitch must have read like a discarded House Beautiful spread .	
A decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .	
"You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids ."	
Heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension .	
"Alain Choquart 's camera barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving Conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating ."	
The only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .	
"Though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way K-19 jettisoned some crucial drama ."	
"It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex ."	
"With a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve ."	
"Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves ."	
The vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful .	
"Defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone 's willingness to believe in it ."	
Cynics need not apply . '	
"An obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?"	
"It is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see ."	
Succeeds only because Bullock and Grant were made to share the silver screen .	
"As any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death ."	
A disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting .	
"It provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1.2 million Palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza ."	
"One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin ."	
The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .	
"Not even Solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it ."	
"Once the downward spiral comes to pass , Auto Focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ..."	
"Gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth ."	
A documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .	
"If you want to see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from , then look no further , because here it is ."	
That the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .	
Norton holds the film together .	
Wedding feels a bit anachronistic .	
"Still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin ."	
"... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere ."	
It 's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .	
Sometimes shorter is better .	
"Red Dragon is less baroque and showy than Hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than Silence ."	
"But , like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin ."	
The simplicity of The Way Home has few equals this side of Aesop	
Life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why .	
"While Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about ."	
There 's ... an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm .	
"There is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us ."	
It seems Grant does n't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all .	
Who knew ...	
"... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny ."	
"Not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by The Piano Teacher ."	
"Ultimate X is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine ."	
"Lohman adapts to the changes required of her , but the actress and director Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects"	
"The stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt ."	
"Williams plays Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in Insomnia ."	
"Even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , Spy Kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man ."	
"You 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you 'll laugh ."	
"You emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary ."	
"The Trinity Assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and George Ratliff 's documentary , Hell House , reflects their earnestness -- which makes for a terrifying film ."	
"With a confrontational stance , Todd Solondz takes aim on political correctness and suburban families ."	
"This odd , distant Portuguese import more or less borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film ."	
"The Ring is worth a look , if you do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment ."	
"Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it 's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through ."	
"fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten"	
Fulfills the minimum requirement of Disney animation .	
"With one exception , every blighter in this particular South London housing project digs into dysfunction like it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness ."	
"Collateral Damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't ."	
At times Auto Focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .	
"Otherwise , maybe ."	
"Schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness ."	
"If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts ."	
"See it now , before the inevitable Hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles ."	
It would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire .	
"In the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , Like Mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency ."	
"Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes ."	
"Fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way ."	
"` The film is stark , straightforward and deadly ... an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . '"	
"Call this The Full Monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux ."	
"Denis forges out of the theories of class - based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord ."	
"An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , The Grey Zone does have a center , though a morbid one ."	
"Even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it does n't make for completely empty entertainment"	
But even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns ... this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity .	
"... a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take ."	
"Not a bad choice here , assuming that ... the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly ."	
"The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways ."	
Confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis .	
Acting can not be acted .	
The movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .	
I do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version .	
But I do .	
"Offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in ."	
It 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads .	
In a word : No. .	
Tsai Ming-liang 's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being .	
"Sean Penn , you owe Nicolas Cage an apology ."	
Director Douglas McGrath takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .	
"If you 're not totally weirded - out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle , Quitting hits home with disorienting force ."	
"A canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a London sociopath who 's the scariest of sadists ."	
"As if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers ."	
It 's another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic .	
Why ?	
A life-size reenactment of those Jack Chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire .	
Grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors .	
"this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it 's a taunt - a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered ."	
Sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .	
Either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks .	
"Last Dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true ."	
"But ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters ."	
"It 's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic ."	
"The film is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end ."	
... Pray does n't have a passion for the material .	
This sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .	
"If you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in , Sweet Home Alabama is diverting in the manner of Jeff Foxworthy 's stand-up act ."	
"It 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to ."	
Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .	
The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .	
Blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological .	
"This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast ."	
"Triumph of Love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree ."	
Parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '	
It 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .	
A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .	
"All comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad ."	
"With its hint of an awkward Hitchcockian theme in tact , Harmon 's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone"	
It 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .	
The best way to describe it is as a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.	
Got a David Lynch jones ?	
"Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length ."	
It 's hard to fairly judge a film like RINGU when you 've seen the remake first .	
A chick flick for guys .	
But it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .	
"The Quiet American is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar ."	
"As home movie gone haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , I 'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records ."	
"Like an episode of MTV 's Undressed , with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance ... indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper ."	
"Suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits ."	
Trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease .	
"You may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet ."	
"`` White Oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material ."	
It 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .	
You want to call Domino 's .	
And how .	
"Halloween : Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been ."	
"I 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper ."	
It does give you a peek .	
The main problem being that it 's only a peek .	
"A perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film ."	
"The audacity to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion ."	
It 's not the least of Afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .	
Real Women Have Curves does n't offer any easy answers .	
Could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?	
"The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour ."	
"13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , Karen Sprecher , do n't seem ever to run out of ideas ."	
`` The turntable is now outselling the electric guitar ... ''	
"With wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism ."	
"None of his actors stand out , but that 's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : Characterization matters less than atmosphere ."	
Solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .	
As Warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he 's neglected over the years .	
"It 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it 's entertaining enough and worth a look ."	
I am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .	
"... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror ."	
The film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome .	
As lively an account as Seinfeld is deadpan .	
But this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it 's about a very human one .	
It 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .	
"If you do n't ... well , skip to another review ."	
"Feardotcom 's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work ."	
You could hate it for the same reason .	
"` Moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '"	
"Though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal ."	
OK arthouse .	
"The power of this script , and the performances that come with it , is that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up ."	
Until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .	
I 'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute .	
Daughter From Danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .	
"It does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain ."	
This is not an easy film .	
"It 's Jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite ."	
"the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half"	
"Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she 's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time ."	
"The members manage to pronounce KOK exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible ."	
"While this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it 's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience ."	
Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .	
"It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it did n't entirely grab me , but there 's stuff here to like ."	
To the degree that ivans xtc .	
A. . .	
Is truth stranger than fiction ?	
C'mon !	
"It irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere ."	
It must be in the genes .	
Those seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .	
"Ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness ."	
The film 's only missteps come from the script 's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics .	
It depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .	
We do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .	
Paul Cox needed to show it .	
It is up to you to decide if you need to see it .	
"If Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances ."	
"If you ignore the cliches and concentrate on City by the Sea 's interpersonal drama , it ai n't half-bad ."	
"... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '"	
"As underwater ghost stories go , Below casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle ."	
The screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...	
If only it had the story to match .	
The first half bursts with a goofy energy previous Disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .	
It 's quite diverting nonsense .	
Renner ?	
"While this has the making of melodrama , the filmmaker cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that 's more interested in asking questions than in answering them ."	
Yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .	
"You do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California ."	
The directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge	
"To honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed ."	
journalism of the 1960s .	
Feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in Nine Queens .	
The story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .	
A devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .	
"The film has a kind of hard , cold effect ."	
To get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud .	
"It 's not particularly subtle ... However , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion ."	
"Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably ."	
"For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped ."	
"For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped ."	
"Dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart ."	
Proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie .	
"Although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America ."	
They just do n't work in concert .	
"It remains to be seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who says he has to ?"	
"In between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived ."	
"You get the idea , though , that Kapur intended the film to be more than that ."	
The 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture .	
There 's no clear picture of who killed Bob Crane .	
`` The Quiet American '' begins in Saigon in 1952 .	
That 's its first sign of trouble .	
A tasty slice of droll whimsy .	
But it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .	
"Mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt ."	
A case in point : Doug Pray 's Scratch .	
"Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit ."	
"Baran is shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children ."	
"There 's not much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises ... but that 's OK ."	
"The film is darkly atmospheric , with Herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles ."	
"It 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless ."	
Eerily accurate depiction of depression .	
I have two words to say about Reign of Fire .	
"Like Rudy Yellow Lodge , Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider ."	
"It 's still Adam Sandler , and it 's not Little Nicky ."	
"... a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor ."	
"While not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original ."	
Ali 's graduation from little screen to big is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier .	
May be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since Town and Country .	
Spend your Benjamins on a matinee .	
What 's infuriating about Full Frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .	
Is Red Dragon worthy of a place alongside the other Hannibal movies ?	
Perhaps the grossest movie ever made .	
"Leading a double life in an American film only comes to no good , but not here ."	
"The directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep ."	
"It may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate ."	
One of the film 's most effective aspects is its Tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret .	
Lan Yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .	
Merci pour le movie .	
It 's clear that Mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent .	
"Made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age ... and then only as a very mild rental ."	
Imagine O. Henry 's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene .	
Merry friggin ' Christmas !	
Cinematic pratfalls given a working over .	
Matches neorealism 's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives .	
"As directed by Dani Kouyate of Burkina Faso , Sia lacks visual flair ."	
"Noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us"	
"Insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it does n't disgrace it , either ."	
The events of the film are just so WEIRD that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .	
"Watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement ."	
Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .	
Thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .	
"Full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , Time Out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life ."	
"It does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity ."	
The kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself .	
"Too much of Storytelling moves away from Solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries ."	
"The story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there 's a certain style and wit to the dialogue ."	
"The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose ."	
Oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .	
"Tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu ."	
"A different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling ."	
He thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .	
Gloriously straight from the vagina .	
A perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little Lilo & Stitch had in spades -- charisma .	
"Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt ."	
Just like Igby .	
Veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the film 's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures .	
"Not as good as the original , but what is ..."	
Nothing too deep or substantial .	
"Explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound ."	
But this is Lohman 's film .	
"The setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game ."	
Its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .	
"Open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , Talk to Her is a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations ."	
What makes Esther Kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .	
"Before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway ."	
... Myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs ...	
"The messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time ."	
... either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you 're not .	
"Austin Powers in Goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride ."	
"You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars ."	
contrasting the original Ringu with the current Americanized adaptation is akin to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II	
It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt .	
"It arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications ."	
"All the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable ."	
"If the very concept makes you nervous ... you 'll have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness ."	
"Gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested ."	
"At the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , `` I guess I come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . ''"	
The movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .	
like a poor man 's You Can Count On Me	
Like these Russo guys lookin ' for their Mamet instead found their Sturges .	
Anyone else seen this before ?	
A brutally dry satire of Middle American numbness .	
Martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more .	
"If you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , I have just one word for you - -- Decasia"	
Count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .	
A thriller made from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion .	
"Though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous ."	
Underachieves only in not taking the Shakespeare parallels quite far enough .	
"Grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length"	
The thing about guys like Evans is this : You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .	
Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .	
"It 's like a `` Big Chill '' reunion of the Baader-Meinhof Gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists ."	
Exposing the ways we fool ourselves is One Hour Photo 's real strength .	
"At its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best ."	
Grown-up quibbles are beside the point here .	
"Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best Next Generation episodes is lacking ."	
"The main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish ."	
... a fairly disposable yet still entertaining B picture .	
"Works because we 're never sure if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks ."	
The Piano Teacher is not an easy film .	
"It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling ."	
Can I admit XXX is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?	
"By the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better ."	
Whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .	
"Sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to Frida Kahlo as if her life did , too ."	
You do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .	
Or both .	
"Sure , I hated myself in the morning ."	
"But then again , I hate myself most mornings ."	
Time Out is as serious as a pink slip .	
This New Zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything .	
There 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .	
"This is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one ."	
"Whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama is n't much of a mystery , unfortunately ."	
Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length .	
"As well-acted and well-intentioned as All or Nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good ."	
"If you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you 'll see Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II ."	
"Not a strike against Yang 's similarly themed Yi Yi , but I found What Time ?"	
"to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached ."	
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .	
The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''	
"It 's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes ."	
"Saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion ."	
"Gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western ."	
"What Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery"	
There has to be a few advantages to never growing old .	
Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .	
A soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination .	
A movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .	
"I prefer Soderbergh 's concentration on his two lovers over Tarkovsky 's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies ."	
Those of you who do n't believe in Santa Claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original .	
"Well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts ."	
My Wife 's plotting is nothing special ; it 's the delivery that matters here .	
"It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness ."	
But something seems to be missing .	
"The movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in ."	
Would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ?	
Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body ?	
"Missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane ."	
"The film 's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen ."	
Fred Schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .	
Suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .	
"It 's like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie Errol Flynn always wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him ."	
The symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees .	
I wanted more .	
Red Dragon makes one appreciate Silence of the Lambs .	
"Spider-Man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units ."	
Even more baffling is that it 's funny .	
"A visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this ."	
How I Killed My Father would be a rarity in Hollywood .	
"I just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie ."	
`` What really happened ? ''	
"is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience ."	
"Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic ."	
The Pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List .	
"Where This was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , That is even lazier and far less enjoyable ."	
A `` black Austin Powers ? ''	
I prefer to think of it as `` Pootie Tang with a budget . ''	
Steven Soderbergh does n't remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it .	
The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film 's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .	
At its best ... Festival in Cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes .	
I 'd rather watch a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls	
I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy .	
"A subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad ."	
A penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .	
And adults will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .	
"Often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part ."	
"The script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off ."	
"Although I did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either ."	
"With `` Ichi the Killer '' , Takashi Miike , Japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ..."	
An almost unbearably morbid love story .	
"Stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection ."	
Has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .	
"With its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , Bloody Sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in Derry ."	
"Insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion ."	
"What might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point ."	
But it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .	
"Simplistic , silly and tedious ."	
"It 's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny ."	
Exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .	
A visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .	
"The story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count ."	
About the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .	
Not so much farcical as sour .	
Unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .	
"All the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject ."	
A sentimental mess that never rings true .	
"While the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary ."	
"On a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire ."	
"While the ensemble player who gained notice in Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle ."	
There is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid	
"Nothing here seems as funny as it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah ."	
"Enough said , except : Film overboard !"	
"Here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha ."	
This 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .	
The execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .	
"On its own , it 's not very interesting ."	
"As a remake , it 's a pale imitation ."	
It shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .	
"As exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma ."	
The party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks .	
The rest of the film ... is dudsville .	
Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '	
"The criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ..."	
"The movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story ."	
"Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here ."	
"Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast ."	
The only surprise is that heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this ; I assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear .	
Another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s American sports movie .	
"Please , someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film ."	
"Most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved"	
Curling may be a unique sport but Men with Brooms is distinctly ordinary .	
"Though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , Jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set ."	
There 's no getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again .	
"The effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable ."	
"Analyze That regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes , with a few new swings thrown in ."	
"With flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , Undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins ."	
"Stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom ."	
"To the civilized mind , a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement ."	
Equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451 .	
"When Seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , I wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , ` Hey , Kool-Aid ! '"	
"Imagine the CleanFlicks version of ` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes ."	
"PC stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion ."	
"Forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?"	
"An odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy ."	
"Though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere ."	
"A static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes ."	
Almost .	
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .	
"Unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either ."	
The cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge .	
"Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end ."	
The characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .	
Mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .	
"Is n't as sharp as the original ... Despite some visual virtues , ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it ."	
"In fact , it does n't even seem like she tried ."	
"Maybe LeBlanc thought , `` Hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''"	
What you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .	
Barry Sonnenfeld owes Frank the Pug big time	
"The biggest problem with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything ."	
So riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .	
"I approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise ."	
"Too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one ."	
There 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .	
`` The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .	
The things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .	
"Even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest ."	
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House .	
"Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve ."	
"Deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel ."	
One can only assume that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off	
"A movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms ."	
"Sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler ."	
"The script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people ."	
"A portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers ."	
The code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .	
Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD .	
Feels like a cold old man going through the motions .	
Dignified CEO 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .	
"There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity ."	
Beware the quirky Brit-com .	
"The gags , and the script , are a mixed bag ."	
Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .	
"Narratively , Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess ."	
There 's no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance .	
"Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they are n't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space ."	
"Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt"	
"Despite engaging offbeat touches , Knockaround Guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast ."	
It 's all pretty tame .	
The most offensive thing about the movie is that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it .	
The movie is a mess from start to finish .	
"The trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness ."	
Terminally brain dead production .	
"Some episodes work , some do n't ."	
"Rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects ."	
"Not only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were ."	
I have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .	
"Off the Hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director Adam Watstein with finishing it at all ."	
It 's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .	
"Watching Harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but Boyd 's film offers little else of consequence ."	
"It 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget ."	
Will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .	
"The problem is not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes ."	
The problem is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .	
There 's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever .	
None of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .	
A processed comedy chop suey .	
"As spent screen series go , Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there 's nothing to drink ."	
"Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix ."	
Full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .	
"An erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either ."	
"The movie , like Bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes ."	
With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .	
"If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash ."	
"The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast is n't the least bit mesmerizing ."	
A dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any Hollywood fluff .	
"It comes off as so silly that you would n't be surprised if BA , Murdock and rest of the A-Team were seen giving chase in a black and red van ."	
The 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .	
"It never is , not fully ."	
"Even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities ."	
"What with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time ."	
"Plodding , peevish and gimmicky ."	
`` Solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .	
"The direction , by George Hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism ."	
It just does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense .	
"Confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it ."	
"Occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma ."	
"By the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing ."	
"Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull ."	
Putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a Pandora 's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .	
"At its worst , it 's Rambo - meets-John Ford ."	
Exactly what you 'd expect from a guy named Kaos .	
This movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .	
"With or without ballast tanks , K-19 sinks to a Harrison Ford low ."	
Director Oliver Parker labors so hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .	
You might be shocked to discover that Seinfeld 's real life is boring .	
Walsh ca n't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .	
This 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .	
"It leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject ."	
I found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent .	
There 's nothing to gain from watching They .	
It is n't scary .	
It hates its characters .	
It finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .	
The skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .	
"... Ice Age treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that wo n't win many fans over the age of 12 ."	
Just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .	
"The video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it 's exhausting to watch ."	
A cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .	
It gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .	
"An achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses ."	
"It 's Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too ."	
"Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative ."	
Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .	
"If you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign ."	
"An EXIT sign , that is ."	
The dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .	
What you end up getting is the Vertical Limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .	
"Stealing Harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor ."	
"Bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly ."	
"Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor ."	
The result might look like Vulgar .	
Suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer demands .	
"What soured me on The Santa Clause 2 was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky ."	
It 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .	
Such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .	
"With the exception of McCoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park ."	
The acting is n't much better .	
The whole affair is as predictable as can be .	
A not-so-Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood with a hefty helping of Re-Fried Green Tomatoes .	
"This cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell ."	
"Star Trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy ."	
Puts on airs of a Hal Hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .	
"Ver Wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless ."	
"Despite a performance of sustained intelligence from Stanford and another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces Oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off"	
"Although Disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual ."	
"A sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis ."	
The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .	
"` You 'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied ."	
You 'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ... '	
Gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .	
The director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .	
The results are far more alienating than involving .	
Bogdanich is unashamedly pro-Serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .	
"A lack of thesis makes Maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special ."	
"Without Shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish ."	
"If H.G. Wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ?"	
"` It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point . '"	
"During The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` Chan moment ' ."	
"It 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied ."	
The film can depress you about life itself .	
The acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line .	
"Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers ."	
The plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before Janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .	
"Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely ."	
"At 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer ."	
"Here 's my advice , Kev ."	
Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .	
An alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .	
An ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .	
"Unfortunately , it 's also not very good ."	
Glazed with a tawdry B-movie scum .	
"This is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness ."	
A big fat pain .	
An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .	
"To build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved ."	
"With the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which They is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright ."	
Though its atmosphere is intriguing ... the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .	
"Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before ."	
"Although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another Major League ."	
"Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap ."	
"Indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild ."	
One thing is for sure : This movie does not tell you a whole lot about Lily Chou-Chou .	
"With a tone as variable as the cinematography , Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm ."	
"To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough ."	
"Cuba Gooding Jr. valiantly mugs his way through Snow Dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy ."	
Diane Lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .	
Not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- I doubt it would be all that interesting .	
This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John and Bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero .	
Why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?	
The basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .	
The Pool drowned me in boredom .	
It 's like an all-star salute to Disney 's cheesy commercialism .	
"It 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one ."	
"Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity ."	
"There 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 ."	
"As saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses ."	
"As is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold ."	
"The mystery of Enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture ."	
But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .	
Avary 's film never quite emerges from the shadow of Ellis ' book .	
"A poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda ."	
"While it is interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side , Longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context ."	
"Woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time ?"	
"It 's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun ."	
"Why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?"	
There 's no good answer to that one .	
"This slow-moving Swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party ."	
"A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms ."	
"There 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream ."	
This is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .	
"Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed ."	
It 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .	
"This is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes ."	
"The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why ."	
There are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .	
"After all , it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies ."	
Looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .	
"Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is ."	
They kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .	
Just because A Walk to Remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .	
"It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through ."	
This dreadfully earnest inversion of the Concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .	
"Brown 's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie ."	
"The boys ' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on Guei , wears down the story 's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements ."	
The script by Vincent R. Nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .	
"The story is so light and sugary that were it a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away ."	
"Oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between ."	
"Since Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche ."	
"Cold and scattered , Minority Report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals ."	
"Every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be ."	
Frank McKlusky C.I. is that movie !	
It 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .	
... a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers .	
The trappings of I Spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .	
What starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .	
"In the wake of Saving Private Ryan , Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine ."	
"It is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd ."	
Really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .	
"Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire ."	
"Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace ."	
"And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest ."	
"If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !"	
"Directed without the expected flair or imagination by Hong Kong master John Woo , Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length ."	
"The movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drains his movie of all individuality ."	
An infuriating film .	
"Just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense ."	
The entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .	
"The setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions ."	
"As an entertainment destination for the general public , Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness ."	
"This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand ."	
"As pure over-the-top trash , any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile ."	
"Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time ."	
"But for the most part , The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness ."	
This film biggest problem ?	
No laughs .	
Less-than-compelling documentary of a Yiddish theater clan .	
That the Chuck Norris `` grenade gag '' occurs about 7 times during Windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is .	
"Viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout ."	
"It 's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it 's well worth a rental ."	
"I ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ..."	
Throw Smoochy from the train !	
"Eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot ."	
Irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .	
"A light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation ."	
"To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel , Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato ."	
"The actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers do n't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types ."	
"The result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood ."	
An extremely unpleasant film .	
"If you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again ."	
Wait for it to hit cable .	
Ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .	
"Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives ."	
"77 minutes of Pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does ."	
My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .	
The one not-so-small problem with Expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .	
"A movie you observe , rather than one you enter into ."	
"John Carlen 's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling ."	
"The notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus ."	
"Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes ."	
"Unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes ."	
A film that loses sight of its own story .	
Adam Sandler 's Eight Crazy Nights grows on you -- like a rash .	
The big-screen Scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .	
"Few of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director Neil Burger follows up with are terribly convincing , which is a pity , considering Barry 's terrific performance ."	
The movie is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly .	
"Resident Evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail ."	
"... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted ."	
Resembles a soft porn Brian De Palma pastiche .	
"It 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that ."	
But I had a lot of problems with this movie .	
Devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .	
"All movie long , City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast ."	
Plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .	
"However sincere it may be , The Rising Place never quite justifies its own existence ."	
"Parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place ."	
But the second half of the movie really goes downhill .	
Paxton 's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .	
The script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .	
The script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .	
"The film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work ."	
"It 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful ."	
It 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .	
"Despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , The Man Who Wrote Rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this ."	
"Swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit ."	
"The most memorable moment was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration ."	
See Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .	
"But be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still ."	
Or that the battery on your watch has died .	
Suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry British filmmakers have strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .	
"Yes , I have given this movie a rating of zero ."	
But fans of the show should not consider this a diss .	
The cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .	
It 's still terrible !	
It 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow .	
"Peralta 's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight ."	
A close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .	
The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .	
Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .	
"The animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication ."	
Only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .	
"Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning ."	
Mr. Soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .	
Do you say `` hi '' to your lover when you wake up in the morning ?	
"While easier to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points ."	
"About as enjoyable , I would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful ."	
A generic international version of a typical American horror film .	
"... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention ."	
"Lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s ."	
"There 's a lot of good material here , but there 's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it ."	
"Yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ..."	
Bond-inspired ?	
Let 's hope not .	
This flat run at a hip-hop Tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines .	
"Surprisingly , considering that Baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy ."	
"None of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny ."	
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .	
A humorless journey into a philosophical void .	
These two are generating about as much chemistry as an Iraqi factory poised to receive a UN inspector .	
"Just as the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation ."	
"Ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults ."	
It 's just a little too self-satisfied .	
Clever but not especially compelling .	
"McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service ."	
"A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable ."	
The movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .	
The problem with ANTWONE FISHER is that it has a screenplay written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher .	
Tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House but instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel .	
"Unfortunately , Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare ."	
... what a banal bore the preachy Circuit turns out to be	
"Falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice ."	
A mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences .	
One of the most incoherent features in recent memory .	
Low rent from frame one .	
Eight Legged Freaks ?	
Laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .	
The respective charms of Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant have worn threadbare .	
` This movie sucks . '	
"None of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him ."	
"Bad in such a bizarre way that it 's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste ."	
There 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .	
"Although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks ."	
"I 've had more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama ."	
What we get ... is Caddyshack crossed with the Loyal Order of Raccoons .	
"The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake ."	
"When a movie asks you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it ."	
There are now two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs .	
... hokey art house pretension .	
... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .	
Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh .	
"Plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo ."	
This is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .	
"A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the Bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative ."	
The only thing that distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film .	
"Silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another ."	
There is so much plodding sensitivity .	
"The town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial ."	
... too sappy for its own good .	
"Circuit queens wo n't learn a thing , they 'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets ."	
"As the Mediterranean sparkles , ` Swept Away ' sinks ."	
"Every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy ."	
"Expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished ."	
It all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .	
"Feels shrill , simple and soapy ."	
"Adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild ."	
"In the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , The Emperor 's Club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach ."	
No amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .	
"A direct-to-void release , heading nowhere ."	
Below is well below expectations .	
"At no point during K-19 : The Widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot ."	
Empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .	
It does n't work as either .	
"Given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube ."	
"Possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure ."	
"There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , '' but it is not what is on the screen ."	
"Unfortunately , Carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg ."	
"There 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties ."	
And for all the wrong reasons besides .	
"A zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks ."	
"A 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor ."	
You leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .	
"The waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter ."	
"With McConaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd ."	
It 's the type of stunt the Academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film .	
"In theory , a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life ."	
"So mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned ."	
"The images are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos , particularly where Whitaker 's misfit artist is concerned ."	
"If Welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way ."	
"Sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 ."	
"Weirdly , Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car ."	
Might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .	
A few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .	
The thing just never gets off the ground .	
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .	
The actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .	
Most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .	
"The movie is n't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave ."	
There 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .	
"The Tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad ' ."	
Blue Crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .	
The sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .	
"While Van Wilder may not be the worst National Lampoon film , it 's far from being this generation 's Animal House ."	
So devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .	
Reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .	
The problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .	
"The bland outweighs the nifty , and Cletis Tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is ."	
"If the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish ."	
"Ultimately , in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 ."	
Zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a	
A seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level .	
"A pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole ."	
"Its plot and animation offer daytime TV serviceability , but little more ."	
"A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre ."	
"Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart ."	
Instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .	
Kirshner and Monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .	
A lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .	
"What started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence ."	
"An ugly , pointless , stupid movie ."	
"Simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn ."	
The Master of Disguise represents Adam Sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .	
"This is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be ."	
Too silly to take seriously .	
"The inevitable double - and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line ."	
"Everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull ."	
"No , I hate it ."	
This mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .	
"It 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long ."	
A fifty car pileup of cliches .	
"It 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish ."	
"Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise ."	
What ultimately makes Windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .	
"As a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired ."	
"A non-Britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine ."	
"It 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical ."	
Possibly not since Grumpy Old Men have I heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .	
"The drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention ."	
A rather tired exercise in nostalgia .	
"The misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten ."	
"Some Body often looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments ."	
"Bad Company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them ."	
Predecessors The Mummy and The Mummy Returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King .	
"A markedly inactive film , City is conversational bordering on confessional ."	
"Despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from Kathryn Bigelow , The Weight of Water is oppressively heavy ."	
We 've liked Klein 's other work but Rollerball left us cold .	
"They were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn ."	
They were right .	
"It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction ."	
"Offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life ."	
"Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant ."	
"Apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it ."	
"A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum ."	
"Guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep ."	
Stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of Ghost and Close Encounters of the Third Kind .	
"The weird thing about The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally ."	
It 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .	
"Contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom ."	
It still feels like a prison stretch .	
"Partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless ."	
The overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven . ''	
Just a Kiss is a just a waste .	
... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .	
"Frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women ."	
And it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .	
"As if Drop Dead Gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition ."	
A wretched movie that reduces the Second World War to one man 's quest to find an old flame .	
"This is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie ."	
There 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .	
The talk-heavy film plays like one of Robert Altman 's lesser works .	
One of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .	
"No better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic Mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a Western backwater ."	
"I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless ."	
"Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture ."	
"Kurys never shows why , of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention ."	
"And in a sense , that 's a liability ."	
It 's easy to love Robin Tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .	
"If you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then ."	
The new film of Anton Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '	
"If I want music , I 'll buy the soundtrack ."	
"If I want a real movie , I 'll buy the Criterion DVD ."	
Has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .	
Writer-director Stephen Gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half . '	
"Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof ."	
"The movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it ."	
An awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .	
The name says it all .	
Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set .	
Pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .	
... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .	
"With Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies ?"	
Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .	
Hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .	
An uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .	
"aside from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd , there 's little to be learned from watching ` Comedian '"	
"The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves Blue Crush waterlogged ."	
The problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .	
"The images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable ."	
Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .	
"As the movie dragged on , I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign ."	
"I have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short ."	
"There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer ."	
"The Emperor 's Club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but ..."	
"In the end , The Weight of Water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '"	
A straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .	
Glizty but formulaic and silly ... Cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .	
"The re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well ."	
"Is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic ?"	
"Once again , director Chris Columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours ."	
Serving Sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .	
"Too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot ."	
A well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .	
The isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .	
"As a movie , it never seems fresh and vital ."	
It never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .	
It labours as storytelling .	
The Adventures of Pluto Nash is a whole lot of nada .	
A really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .	
Lawrence should stick to his day job .	
"Despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie"	
"I never thought I 'd say this , but I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !"	
Tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .	
"We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest ."	
"The plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution ."	
Too bad Maggio could n't come up with a better script .	
Much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .	
Rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories .	
"At best , Cletis Tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience ."	
"Witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic ."	
"Not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at ."	
As plain and pedestrian as catsup --	
"I know we 're not supposed to take it seriously , but I ca n't shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary ."	
Your stomach for Heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn .	
A picture as erratic as its central character .	
"Whatever satire Lucky Break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile ."	
It 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars	
The package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .	
Guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .	
"Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares ."	
Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal pessimists : Totally Past His Prime .	
Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .	
All the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .	
"Much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here ."	
The film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...	
"For all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian ."	
"This mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , John C. Walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago ."	
A bit too eager to please .	
Kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .	
Animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .	
One scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .	
"Meyjes focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the - making ."	
"Jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive ."	
"Despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore ."	
An incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .	
The only thing I laughed at were the people who paid to see it .	
"All of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director George Hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat ."	
The hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .	
"Then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees ."	
"O.K. , not really ."	
Possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .	
"... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror ."	
Those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .	
Befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject	
"From beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film ."	
The movie would seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .	
It 's just not very smart .	
"Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions ."	
"In trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh ."	
"90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping ."	
"Sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction ."	
Never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .	
"After a while , Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial ."	
"This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer ."	
It 's drab .	
It 's uninteresting .	
It squanders Chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt !	
The movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots .	
"This tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same ."	
"A surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing ."	
Forget the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore .	
A film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .	
It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .	
New ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .	
"Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings ."	
I suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .	
The film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .	
An unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years .	
Their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .	
"For all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression ."	
"No matter how firmly director John Stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make ."	
A sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .	
"Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` Unfaithful . ''"	
Why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .	
"Hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script ."	
The best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments .	
"It 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie ."	
An already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .	
If only there were one for this kind of movie .	
"By the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived ."	
A peculiar misfire that even Tunney ca n't save .	
"Watching Queen of the Damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in ."	
I ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops .	
"Too much of Nemesis has a tired , talky feel ."	
I felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .	
"When Mr. Hundert tells us in his narration that ` this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement ."	
Leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .	
"It is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness ."	
Each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .	
A soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties .	
"Borstal Boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy ."	
"The film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed ."	
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making	
Crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls .	
"Feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work ."	
"Trailer park Magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all ."	
Viewers of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .	
Sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .	
"The Piano Teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control ."	
I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .	
"I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes ."	
The filmmakers lack the nerve ... to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor .	
"The film was n't preachy , but it was feminism by the book ."	
"... the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation ."	
There 's already been too many of these films ...	
"Sadly , Full Frontal plays like the work of a dilettante ."	
"Clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up ."	
"Although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , Tuck Everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action ."	
"` The War of the Roses , ' trailer-trash style ."	
Entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .	
"Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed , but Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over ."	
"White has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else ."	
"When you resurrect a dead man , Hard Copy should come a-knocking , no ?"	
"Cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty , with something different ."	
"The film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe ."	
This overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .	
Hmmm ... might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?	
The makers of Mothman Prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .	
"Mr. Deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor ."	
How this one escaped the Lifetime network I 'll never know .	
Could n't someone take Rob Schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?	
"One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations ."	
"For all its brilliant touches , Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion ."	
I have to admit that I am baffled by Jason X.	
A mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia	
"Instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos ."	
This is a film living far too much in its own head .	
"National Lampoon 's Van Wilder may aim to be the next Animal House , but it more closely resembles this year 's version of Tomcats ."	
The film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine into national media circles .	
"Dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring ."	
A movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls .	
"It 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain ."	
"Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy ."	
"To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !"	
-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .	
As we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- Jason is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . '	
The filmmakers might want to look it up .	
"A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls ."	
Drowning 's too good for this sucker .	
An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .	
"Frankly , it 's pretty stupid ."	
But there 's plenty to offend everyone ...	
Love Liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .	
"There are things to like about Murder By Numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements do n't gel ."	
"Quite frankly , I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out ."	
"My precious new Star Wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ..."	
"Too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , Vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work ."	
Should have gone straight to video .	
"It looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such ."	
"It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag ."	
Consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire .	
"A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for -- well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop ."	
"Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading ."	
Heavy with flabby rolls of typical Toback machinations .	
"It is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film ."	
Snow Dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him	
Whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .	
"Reggio and Glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby ."	
Ends up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick would .	
"The film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get ."	
Charlize CHASES Kevin with a GUN .	
Courtney CHASES Stuart with a CELL PHONE .	
The sound of GUNFIRE and cell phones RINGING .	
"If The Tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special ."	
Parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .	
"... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here ."	
"Has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape ."	
A pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between XXX and Vertical Limit .	
"Impeccably filmed , sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act ."	
"Feels at times like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place ."	
"Britney Spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction ."	
Every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .	
"But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness ."	
"The movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it ."	
"Twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him ."	
Big time .	
"This heist flick about young Brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper ."	
It should have stayed there .	
The film has a childlike quality about it .	
But the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .	
"The most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine ."	
"Big Fat Liar is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level ."	
"Loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness ."	
"There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but Brooms is n't it ."	
"The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness ."	
"But if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie ."	
"Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting ."	
Bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man does to the experiences of most teenagers .	
Toward the end Sum of All Fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .	
Mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .	
"Like the Hanks character , he 's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed ."	
This thing is just garbage .	
"There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but I would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally ."	
"An empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance ."	
My own minority report is that it stinks .	
Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .	
"... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride ."	
"While Solondz tries and tries hard , Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket ."	
"With very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like Swimming With Sharks and The Player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike ."	
"Without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4Ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking ."	
"Being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke ."	
"A few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies ."	
"Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so I did n't ."	
"Shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams , trots out every ghost trick from The Sixth Sense to The Mothman Prophecies ."	
"The photographer 's show-don ` t-tell stance is admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject ."	
It is not the first time that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .	
I 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year .	
Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .	
meanders between its powerful moments .	
"What remains is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip ."	
A backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .	
"Pure of intention and passably diverting , His Secret Life is light , innocuous and unremarkable ."	
... delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .	
"Take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera ."	
"It 's got the brawn , but not the brains ."	
Mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .	
"A lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor ."	
To show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree .	
About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .	
Little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .	
"Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and Ryoko Hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that ."	
"If Jews were Catholics , this would be Catechism"	
One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .	
It 's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .	
Schneider 's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story 's continuity and progression .	
"All very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it 's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion ."	
It 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...	
"Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents ."	
"For a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over , No Such Thing is a big letdown ."	
Constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .	
Smothered by its own solemnity .	
Might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .	
Not one moment in the enterprise did n't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .	
"In the era of The Sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic ."	
"The overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors ."	
Breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .	
If only Merchant paid more attention the story .	
"At the one-hour mark , Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion ."	
... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .	
"A simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something ."	
Everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .	
A domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .	
"Mr. Goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way ."	
"Benigni presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice ."	
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era	
The end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .	
"I was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism ."	
"Ignoring that , he made Swimfan anyway"	
Naipaul fans may be disappointed .	
"Those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep ."	
"Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound ."	
"If you 're looking for a story , do n't bother ."	
Full Frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .	
"By that measure , it is a failure ."	
A baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .	
"An affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , Miss Congeniality ."	
"Sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it does n't ."	
"Like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy ."	
"An admitted egomaniac , Evans is no Hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson ."	
"The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack ."	
Everyone 's to blame here .	
You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .	
Less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .	
Rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .	
"It 's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction ."	
"A slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise ."	
But what is missing from it all is a moral .	
What is the filmmakers ' point ?	
Why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?	
"You see Robin Williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm ."	
"You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz ."	
Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .	
The movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .	
"Formulaic to the 51st power , more like ."	
Draggin ' about dragons	
"Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject ."	
"A respectable but uninspired thriller that 's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak in its impact ."	
"Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability ."	
The movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .	
"Comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire ."	
Offers absolutely nothing I had n't already seen .	
"`` Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original ."	
Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .	
"Complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold ."	
"... an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit ."	
"Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab ."	
Could as easily have been called ` Under Siege 3 : In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .	
In comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .	
Lame Sweet Home leaves no Southern stereotype unturned .	
"The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious ."	
"But mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted ."	
"In its chicken heart , Crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises ."	
This long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .	
The film is flat .	
The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .	
It 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous ' ... the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated .	
"An unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity ."	
The first Fatal Attraction was vile enough .	
Do we really need the Tiger Beat version ?	
"This Bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better ."	
The problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .	
"When the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails ."	
It would work much better as a one-hour TV documentary .	
The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .	
Anemic chronicle of money grubbing New Yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups .	
Simply does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .	
An unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .	
"Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame ."	
"This toothless Dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen ."	
"It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies ."	
"Not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches ."	
"It 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence ."	
Serving Sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .	
Director Roger Michell does so many of the little things right that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .	
"A loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '"	
"A pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort ."	
"At some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill ."	
"Despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable"	
"Meyjes 's movie , like Max Rothman 's future , does not work ."	
What 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .	
Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ... Losin ' his fan base ...	
"An ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance ."	
Not once does it come close to being exciting .	
"A Frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , Bartleby performs neither one very well ."	
There 's something not entirely convincing about The Quiet American .	
And that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by Brendan Fraser .	
One of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .	
Needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .	
It 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .	
I 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .	
Cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .	
So brisk is Wang 's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .	
"The bottom line , at least in my opinion , is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film ."	
"Some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent ."	
It is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .	
"Unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` Scooby ' do n't ."	
A cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .	
"If you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us ."	
"Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera ."	
"Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin ."	
Nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .	
This is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic .	
The movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .	
"A jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages ."	
A sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .	
"Personal Velocity ought to be exploring these women 's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces ."	
"Two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all ."	
Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .	
"The doofus-on - the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it ."	
"And as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is ."	
"Too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good ."	
Apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .	
The sinister inspiration that fuelled DeVito 's early work is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .	
"Despite Auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug ."	
Director Boris von Sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .	
... little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen .	
Never comes together as a coherent whole .	
An unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode .	
"First , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb ."	
"And second , what 's with all the shooting ?"	
Do n't even bother to rent this on video .	
"There is something in Full Frontal , I guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see ."	
This is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September .	
"Not counting a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes ."	
"Plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story ."	
"The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences ."	
A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .	
An average B-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .	
"Bartlett 's hero remains a reactive cipher , when opening the man 's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made ."	
Gibney and Jarecki just want to string the bastard up .	
"The plot is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults ."	
Less worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .	
A film that suffers because of its many excesses .	
Too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .	
"In any case , I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris ."	
"But even then , I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes ."	
"Depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being ."	
"Nijinsky says , ' I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too ."	
` CQ may one day be fondly remembered as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about	
The only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .	
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .	
"Instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?"	
That 's because relatively nothing happens .	
"No amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable ."	
"Blue Crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling ."	
"There 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination ."	
"Jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder ."	
A moving picture that does not move .	
Ruh-roh !	
Romething 's really wrong with this ricture !	
"Its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary ."	
I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie is boring .	
"` God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves . '"	
"... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler ."	
Is it a comedy ?	
A drama ?	
A romance ?	
A cartoon ?	
Did the film inform and educate me ?	
Did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia ?	
No. .	
And that is where Ararat went astray .	
It 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .	
Has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .	
It gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .	
"Who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?"	
"Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze ."	
"A kilted Jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces ."	
"Contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster ."	
"Starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter ."	
The film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .	
The only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .	
"Average , at best , I 'm afraid ."	
"This movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad ."	
A crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .	
"This movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment ."	
"Love may have been in the air onscreen , but I certainly was n't feeling any of it ."	
"In addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry ."	
The very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ''	
It 's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese .	
"The movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie ."	
Worthy of the gong .	
"While certainly more naturalistic than its Australian counterpart , Amari 's film falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey ."	
I found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .	
"The soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot ."	
The movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .	
As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West .	
"Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible ."	
Moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .	
"Once one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else ."	
That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .	
"It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense ."	
A chiller resolutely without chills .	
"For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one ."	
"The director mostly plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder ."	
"`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , '' and I do n't mean that in a good way ."	
"Though Frida is easier to swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio ."	
The whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .	
"The film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but Ram Dass : Fierce Grace does n't organize it with any particular insight ."	
Billy Crystal and Robert De Niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .	
It 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .	
"If you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride ."	
"The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed ."	
"... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces ."	
I wish Windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story .	
"This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes ."	
Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .	
None of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .	
The whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .	
"The only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers ."	
"This one is certainly well-meaning , but it 's also simple-minded and contrived ."	
Bad and baffling from the get-go .	
A series of immaculately composed shots of Patch Adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .	
"At a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , Collateral Damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture ."	
"The impulses that produced this project ... are commendable , but the results are uneven ."	
Like a can of 2-day old Coke .	
"You can taste it , but there 's no fizz ."	
"There 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish ."	
But they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .	
It 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .	
"Other than a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst ."	
Jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .	
"Outside of Burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken"	
Was I scared ?	
"Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp ?"	
"A fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming ."	
"By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around ."	
True Hollywood Story .	
"Wes Craven 's presence is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend . '"	
"But the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed ."	
It 's one long bore .	
It gets old quickly .	
Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .	
"It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking ."	
... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .	
"Skip this dreck , rent Animal House and go back to the source ."	
The movie is a desperate miscalculation .	
"It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time ."	
We just do n't really care too much about this love story .	
"In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting ."	
The Transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .	
Uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...	
"` Men in Black II creates a new threat for the MIB , but recycles the same premise ."	
"But this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better ."	
Feels familiar and tired .	
A retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by Martin Scorsese .	
"Instead of making his own style , director Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture"	
A bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .	
A story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .	
It 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .	
Starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .	
Completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that I 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .	
An uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on Philip K. Dick stories .	
Horrible .	
The disjointed mess flows as naturally as Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .	
"An authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium ."	
Makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .	
The only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .	
It 's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .	
"` Synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree ."	
It concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt .	
"Impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies ."	
"Judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice ."	
The script has less spice than a rat burger and The Rock 's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal .	
This ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .	
"... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise ."	
"Does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez ."	
"A particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale ."	
"... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did I miss something ? ''"	
ending .	
This is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .	
"Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action ."	
"It 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid ."	
"So earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script ."	
"Just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite ."	
It 's Splash without the jokes .	
"Shallow , noisy and pretentious ."	
"Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating ."	
"Granddad of Le Nouvelle Vague , Jean-Luc Godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek ."	
This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .	
"But unless you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie , it is n't much fun ."	
"Philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess ."	
"A standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for De Niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a TNT Original ."	
"Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story ."	
Hollywood Ending just is n't very funny .	
"Though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted ."	
A technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .	
Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .	
Two hours of junk .	
"Self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable ."	
"A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem ."	
What 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .	
"... Tara Reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here ..."	
The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .	
"Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable ."	
"It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure ."	
This picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .	
Malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain .	
But the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .	
"A Blair Witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast ."	
Diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance	
It is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .	
The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .	
"The plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling ."	
"An ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging ."	
"Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , Deuces Wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism ."	
Gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .	
"`` What John does is heroic , but we do n't condone it , '' one of the film 's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia ."	
"Like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six ."	
Dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .	
Hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge .	
Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .	
The story the movie tells is of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .	
"Generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it 's not without style ."	
"With tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool ."	
"It sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations ."	
Ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?	
"Once Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window ."	
"Quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance ."	
"It would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi ."	
"In the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is ."	
"For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence ."	
"While Glover , the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future , is perfect casting for the role , he represents Bartleby 's main overall flaw ."	
"Shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was ."	
Tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .	
Simply a re-hash of the other seven films .	
"With jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is ."	
He fails .	
A very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .	
Goes on and on to the point of nausea .	
By turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .	
"Boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas ."	
"One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time ."	
The comedy is nonexistent .	
"... a bland , pretentious mess ."	
"It 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame ."	
A bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .	
It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .	
"If religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away ."	
"Otherwise , this could be a passable date film ."	
This is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .	
"Stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about ."	
"It is most of the things Costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it ."	
Do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .	
Chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .	
To be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .	
"The director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone ."	
One just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .	
"Instead of panoramic sweep , Kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust ."	
"The movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us ."	
... will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks .	
"After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it ."	
"But , for that , why not watch a documentary ?"	
"With minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub ."	
Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ... It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .	
"Although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated ."	
"You can see where Big Bad Love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there ."	
Friday After Next is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .	
It 's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .	
The only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .	
One-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .	
"... Stylistically , the movie is a disaster ."	
The corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .	
"As violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen ."	
"Egoyan 's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose ."	
"This is a truly , truly bad movie ."	
"Despite bearing the Paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement European pickup ."	
What 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .	
Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there	
Believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .	
Sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .	
The Santa Clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .	
"Just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller ."	
... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .	
Even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .	
"Kung Pow is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that ."	
"Busy urban comedy is clearly not Zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy ."	
Not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears has been ?	
A movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .	
It 's Young Guns meets Goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs .	
- greaseballs mob action-comedy .	
"Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother Hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense ."	
"The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short ."	
Ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ?	
"Try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde ."	
"In The New Guy , even the bull gets recycled ."	
"Largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers ."	
He 's not good with people .	
"Patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary ."	
So boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .	
One of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears .	
Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .	
But the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .	
It 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .	
"When not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems ."	
"Sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery ."	
"` Lovely and Amazing , ' unhappily , is neither ... excessively strained and contrived ."	
"Ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills ."	
"Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film ."	
"` It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . '"	
A plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .	
"Trying to figure out the rules of the Country Bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax Einstein 's brain ."	
"Even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash ."	
Rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .	
It 's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit .	
"... one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else ."	
"Too intensely focused on the travails of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche , No Such Thing is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet ."	
"Kenneth Branagh 's energetic sweet-and-sour performance as a curmudgeonly British playwright grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in Los Angeles ."	
"Director Uwe Boll and writer Robert Dean Klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters ."	
"Ms. Phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening ."	
The movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .	
The fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .	
A little weak -- and it is n't that funny .	
"While it is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , Lan Yu never catches dramatic fire ."	
"The script boasts some tart TV-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy ."	
"Despite the pyrotechnics , Narc is strictly by the book ."	
"Worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades ."	
The original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !	
One suspects that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .	
Gere gives a good performance in a film that does n't merit it .	
Includes too much obvious padding .	
"There 's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes , plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade is workmanlike in the extreme ."	
"I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid ."	
Do n't expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle .	
"The only camouflage Carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers ."	
Shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...	
Spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .	
Conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .	
Looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way .	
"The script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material ."	
Suffers from all the excesses of the genre .	
The verdict : Two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .	
The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .	
"While the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires ."	
They ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .	
But it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .	
It 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .	
Pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God in the fifth Trek flick .	
"A horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness ."	
"It 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt ."	
A movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .	
"The predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances ."	
Who are ` they ' ?	
"Well , they 're ` they ' ."	
"They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid ."	
They exist for hushed lines like `` They 're back ! ''	
"Elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level ."	
"Were Dylan Thomas alive to witness first-time director Ethan Hawke 's strained Chelsea Walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . '"	
"The story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive ."	
"I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point ."	
It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed .	
The film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .	
Murder by Numbers just does n't add up .	
Clare Peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little American Pie-like irreverence .	
Video games are more involving than this mess .	
"A pale Xerox of other , better crime movies ."	
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .	
"Illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller ."	
"A perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making ."	
"The adventure does n't contain half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2 ."	
A mess .	
"The screenplay does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen ."	
"The screenplay by James Eric , James Horton and director Peter O'Fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt ."	
Seems like something American and European gay movies were doing 20 years ago .	
"In the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director Roger Kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags ."	
"You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer ."	
Thumbs down .	
The characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects .	
... del Toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .	
The movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .	
The real question this movie poses is not ` Who ? '	
but ` Why ? '	
A movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .	
"Occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story ."	
"If we 're to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff because she 's French , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?"	
"Moretti plays Giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy ."	
"Too predictably , in fact ."	
Alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but Ayurveda does the field no favors .	
This thing works on no level whatsoever for me .	
It follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film : Someone crosses Arnie .	
Arnie blows things up .	
Ice Age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : Is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ?	
An incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .	
... they missed the boat .	
More dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .	
"Laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters ."	
The comedy Death to Smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .	
"Barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material ."	
"Cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude ."	
It makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy 's idea of a good time .	
The narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys .	
Nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .	
The fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .	
Feels less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series .	
What might have been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .	
"If Oscar had a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't , Guys would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor ."	
A poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .	
Mediocre fable from Burkina Faso .	
"Since the movie is based on a Nicholas Sparks best seller , you know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things ."	
Bottom-rung New Jack City wannabe .	
"Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience ."	
"It 's mildly amusing , but I certainly ca n't recommend it ."	
into Scrooge .	
Fear Dot Com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .	
"Full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , Kung Pow !"	
"is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low ."	
May cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .	
There are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .	
Where 's the movie here ?	
"Lacking substance and soul , Crossroads comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs ."	
"Cassavetes thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon ."	
"Although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken ."	
It 's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .	
"Nicks , seemingly uncertain what 's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy ."	
"If there 's one thing this world needs less of , it 's movies about college that are written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam ."	
"The script kicks in , and Mr. Hartley 's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow ."	
I am sorry that I was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .	
No telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .	
Looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .	
"In its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of Grease , without benefit of song ."	
Indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie .	
"It 's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it 's about as exciting as a sunburn ."	
"His comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level ."	
"At times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there 's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential ."	
They should have called it Gutterball .	
Mom and Dad can catch some quality naptime along the way .	
"It 's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic ."	
The best that can be said about the work here of Scottish director Ritchie ... is that he obviously does n't have his heart in it .	
"Less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins ."	
Taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .	
"It believes it 's revealing some great human truths , when , in reality , it 's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile ."	
It all drags on so interminably it 's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .	
"It 's another video movie photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that 's often written off as indie film naturalism ."	
"The techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are Chan and Hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we ca n't recommend anything but a rental for The Tuxedo ."	
I got a headache watching this meaningless downer .	
"Apart from dazzling cinematography , we 've seen just about everything in Blue Crush in one form or the other ."	
Too much of the humor falls flat .	
Detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor .	
The piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .	
"Very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality ca n't hide the giant Achilles ' heel in `` Stuart Little 2 `` : There 's just no story , folks ."	
No way I can believe this load of junk .	
"It 's dumb , but more importantly , it 's just not scary ."	
There is no pleasure in watching a child suffer .	
Just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .	
The movie 's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach .	
But is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ?	
"Even with a green Mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , Kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting ."	
And that leaves a hole in the center of The Salton Sea .	
"When the film ended , I felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while ."	
"Full of witless jokes , dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and saddled with a general air of misogyny"	
"The film 's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style ."	
The Iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did .	
"It feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes ."	
This movie is maddening .	
Should have been someone else -	
"The film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner ."	
Why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ?	
"Would n't one about their famous dad , author of Death in Venice , etc. , be more valuable ?"	
"The lower your expectations , the more you 'll enjoy it ."	
Rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .	
... is an arthritic attempt at directing by Callie Khouri .	
I had to look away - this was god awful .	
"Velocity represents everything wrong with '' independent film '' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the American filmmaking scene ."	
Just one bad idea after another .	
"Because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , ` Swimfan ' left me with a very bad feeling ."	
"Though Moonlight Mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that 's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama ."	
A movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle .	
Corpus Collosum -- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in .	
"The last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage American road-trip drek we 've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes"	
"It 's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and Shiner , starring Michael Caine as an aging British boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that ."	
A by-the-numbers effort that wo n't do much to enhance the franchise .	
Involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters .	
Overall the film feels like a low-budget TV pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube .	
"It 's of the quality of a lesser Harrison Ford movie - Six Days , Seven Nights , maybe , or that dreadful Sabrina remake ."	
It appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .	
"Despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on TV and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults ."	
An unclassifiably awful study in self - and audience-abuse .	
"This movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work ."	
Hey Arnold !	
"This one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics ."	
"Excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters ."	
"Once the 50 year old Benigni appears as the title character , we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back ."	
"If the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of ` there but for the grace of God , ' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world ."	
"There are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part Sliding Doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them ."	
"It takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of Robert Forster , Anne Meara , Eugene Levy , and Reginald VelJohnson all in the same movie ."	
"Expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery ."	
The Cold Turkey would 've been a far better title .	
The idea of 49-year-old Roberto Benigni playing the wooden boy Pinocchio is scary enough .	
"The reality of the new live-action Pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque ."	
The ga-zillionth airhead movie about a wife in distress who resorts to desperate measures .	
Zaidan 's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight .	
"Try as I may , I ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you ! '"	
when Leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .	
It treats women like idiots .	
"Though Catch Me If You Can is n't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie ."	
A valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the NBA .	
"Impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie does n't quite fly ."	
"For starters , the story is just too slim ."	
The experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not .	
"The film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , Southern California locations and star power ."	
"It has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death ."	
Almost gags on its own gore .	
"It 's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show ."	
The moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess 's home video of their baby 's birth .	
Too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .	
Under 15 ?	
Over age 15 ?	
Big Fat Waste of Time .	
Hey Arnold !	
"The Movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ai n't pretty ."	
Sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest .	
"This is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it 's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience ."	
"You really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they 'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this ."	
"In the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , Chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest ."	
Chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .	
"Well-nigh unendurable ... though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull ."	
I thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as I slogged my way through Clockstoppers .	
While much of the cast has charm -- especially Allodi and Nolden -- the performers are sunk by the film 's primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy .	
"Yes , Ballistic is silly ."	
"Unfortunately , it 's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies ."	
"The twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows ."	
"The longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it 's actually pretty good in the first few minutes ."	
"Not only unfunny , but downright repellent ."	
"Care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of Fuhrman 's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters ."	
"Forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending ."	
Does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in - the-blanks with a tragic past .	
K-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap Hollywood tension .	
Has a long and clunky ending ... which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience 's awkward silence	
"A ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking ."	
"Whaley 's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting ."	
"Uncommonly stylish but equally silly ... the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions ."	
"The entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad ."	
The plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience 's chain .	
Confirms the nagging suspicion that Ethan Hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it .	
Made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss .	
"It 's a trifle of a movie , with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center ."	
Holden Caulfield did it better .	
A synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .	
Oh come on .	
Like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .	
"If it 's seldom boring , well , it 's also rarely coherent ."	
Simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy .	
Not exactly the Bees Knees	
"It does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed over a 28K modem ."	
The kind of spectacularly misconceived enterprise that only a sophisticated cinephile could have perpetrated .	
"The film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when Carvey 's Saturday Night Live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment ."	
Jacquot 's rendering of Puccini 's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera .	
"In his first stab at the form , Jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically ."	
Chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama .	
"It 's as if you 're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker ."	
This is nothing but familiar territory .	
"In execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , Killers From Space ."	
"One of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year ."	
"A broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that 's pretty toxic in its own right ."	
"Too slow , too long and too little happens ."	
The film 's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency .	
It 's just filler .	
Sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .	
"Utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film ."	
A hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the Mason-Dixon line .	
"Scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence ."	
"It 's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job ."	
They takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending .	
Barely gets off the ground .	
"Even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , Miller 's hand often feels unsure ."	
"Pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life , but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer Adam Larson Broder and his co-director , Tony R. Abrams , in their feature debut ."	
"At its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects ."	
"From the opening scenes , it 's clear that All About the Benjamins is a totally formulaic movie ."	
"It takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected , ' but Ghost Ship somehow manages to do exactly that ."	
"By getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters , I found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie ."	
"Too often , the viewer is n't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance ."	
Dilbert without the right-on satiric humor .	
Manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite .	
Do not see this film .	
"Delivers the same old same old , tarted up with Latin flava and turned out by Hollywood playas ."	
"If you believe any of this , I can make you a real deal on leftover Enron stock that will double in value a week from Friday ."	
To call The Other Side of Heaven `` appalling '' would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be .	
"In exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if I 'd been sitting naked on an igloo , Formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey ."	
If only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con .	
I 'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here .	
"Without the dark spookiness of Crystal Lake Camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace ."	
"While the Resident Evil games may have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games , the movie really only succeeds in the third of these ."	
"For close to two hours the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one ."	
What the director ca n't do is make either of Val Kilmer 's two personas interesting or worth caring about .	
"In an effort , I suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy ."	
"It 's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role ."	
... nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects .	
"It 's not that Kung Pow is n't funny some of the time -- it just is n't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all Oedekerk 's impish augmentation ."	
"A very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction ."	
Not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .	
A science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left .	
"The words , ` Frankly , my dear , I do n't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate ."	
What 's next : `` My Mother the Car ? ''	
"All the amped-up Tony Hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal ca n't disguise the fact that , really , we 've been here , done that ."	
A sequel that 's much too big for its britches .	
So unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .	
What was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian .	
"A perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments ."	
"For all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there 's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love 's dissolution ."	
A coarse and stupid gross-out .	
a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes .	
"Does n't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces ... that raise the bar on stylized screen violence ."	
"There 's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like Lavinia , to go the conservative route ."	
It 's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .	
"The stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious ."	
Rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .	
Tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .	
"Paid In Full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface ."	
That 's a cheat .	
"This re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against ."	
A string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity .	
"The movie is Dawn of the Dead crossed with John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second ."	
"Too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging ... The Isle defies an easy categorization ."	
`` The Time Machine '' is a movie that has no interest in itself .	
"It does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor ... it 's just plain bored ."	
... a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it .	
"A morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other ."	
It 's a feature-length adaptation of one of those `` Can This Marriage Be Saved ? ''	
columns from Ladies Home Journal ...	
"I 'm sure if you 're a Hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself ... Me , I did n't care for it ."	
Socrates motions for hemlock .	
It has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .	
It 's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there 's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong .	
"Although there are several truly jolting scares , there 's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at ."	
I 'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .	
Star Trek : Nemesis meekly goes where nearly every Star Trek movie has gone before .	
"Wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by Silly Putty and Kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test Trekkie loyalty ."	
"Like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all ."	
"I do n't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but do n't treat me like a fool ."	
... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .	
"After all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long ."	
"An unencouraging threefold expansion on the former MTV series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. ."	
"For all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , Lily Chou-Chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam ."	
Do n't be fooled by the impressive cast list - Eye See You is pure junk .	
Not since Freddy Got Fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .	
"The documentary does little , apart from raising the topic , to further stoke the conversation ."	
Plays like a volatile and overlong W magazine fashion spread .	
"A better title , for all concerned , might be Swept Under the Rug ."	
This movie seems to have been written using Mad-libs .	
There can be no other explanation .	
Vera 's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them .	
Feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work .	
"Given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing Soderbergh has ever done ."	
A dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going .	
Stealing Harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time .	
"With the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by Cedric the Entertainer as Perry 's boss , there is n't a redeeming moment here ."	
It 's a grab bag of genres that do n't add up to a whole lot of sense .	
"Movie fans , get ready to take off ... the other direction ."	
"All that 's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight ."	
No one but a convict guilty of some truly heinous crime should have to sit through The Master of Disguise .	
"Even the finest chef ca n't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and Robert De Niro ca n't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy ."	
"There 's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging ."	
"Despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine ."	
More maudlin than sharp .	
"It 's slow -- very , very slow ."	
It 's not the ultimate Depression-era gangster movie .	
That 's pure PR hype .	
"Characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license Avary employs ."	
Comes ... uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of The Bicycle Thief .	
"Visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide Treasure Planet entirely and completely reimagine it ."	
"Stealing Harvard is evidence that the Farrelly Bros. -- Peter and Bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with Green 's half-hearted movie career ."	
"There seems to be no clear path as to where the story 's going , or how long it 's going to take to get there ."	
I do n't think I laughed out loud once .	
"And when you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem ."	
"It 's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just ca n't get no satisfaction ."	
"Slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler 's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $ 40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ?"	
... turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .	
The notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .	
My reaction in a word : disappointment .	
"His last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it ."	
"It kinda works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others ."	
"Sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is Rebecca Romijn-Stamos ."	
"Feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot ."	
"For each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike Tara Reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout ."	
"I 've always dreamed of attending Cannes , but after seeing this film , it 's not that big a deal ."	
"The vintage is pure ' 87 , with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message : Fatal Attraction = do n't have an affair with a nutjob ; Unfaithful = do n't if you 're married to one ."	
"It can not be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull ."	
"Yes , dull ."	
Pumpkin wants to have it both ways .	
Director Uwe Boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback .	
"Outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent ."	
"This piece of Channel 5 grade trash is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast ."	
"An occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story ."	
A bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance ...	
"It 's mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes ."	
"As A Rumor of Angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even Ms. Redgrave 's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality ."	
New Best Friend 's Playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous .	
"an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton ."	
"If any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ..."	
"The humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant ."	
"While the script starts promisingly , it loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target ."	
"As the latest bid in the TV-to-movie franchise game , I Spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor ."	
This is n't even Madonna 's Swept Away .	
This is her Blue Lagoon .	
"The director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom ."	
Burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .	
"An overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce ."	
Has all the depth of a wading pool .	
"This is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing ."	
... the movie is just a plain old monster .	
One long string of cliches .	
Fancy a real downer ?	
"Professionally speaking , it 's tempting to jump ship in January to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller ."	
"Nelson 's brutally unsentimental approach ... sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle ."	
But its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell .	
At once half-baked and overheated .	
"There 's a solid woman - finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you 'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it ."	
"I still ca n't relate to Stuart : He 's a mouse , for cryin ' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough ."	
It 's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one .	
"By the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , ... actually pretty good ."	
"Of course , by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad ."	
The only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .	
Sam Mendes has become valedictorian at the School for Soft Landings and Easy Ways Out .	
"Its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ?"	
The problem with this film is that it lacks focus .	
"I sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie does n't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand ."	
"Dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled ."	
"Puportedly `` Based on True Events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face ."	
"... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !"	
It 's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .	
"With its dogged Hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , Windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap ."	
Better to just call it ABC Kiarostami .	
For AIDS and Africa are nothing more than part of the scenery .	
No aspirations to social import inform the movie version .	
"This is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars ."	
"Manages to be somewhat well-acted , not badly art-directed and utterly unengaging no matter how hard it tries to be thrilling , touching or , yikes , uproarious ."	
"It 's clear the filmmakers were n't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination ."	
As vulgar as it is banal .	
You wonder why Enough was n't just a music video rather than a full-length movie .	
The film 's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go .	
The talented and clever Robert Rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and did n't reserve enough for his second .	
More whiny downer than corruscating commentary .	
Both deserve better .	
"Suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it 's been packaged and sold back to us by Hollywood ."	
Coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .	
A wildly inconsistent emotional experience .	
"Sit through this one , and you wo n't need a magic watch to stop time ; your DVD player will do it for you ."	
A sometimes tedious film .	
Teen movies have really hit the skids .	
There are plot holes big enough for Shamu the killer whale to swim through .	
... plays like somebody spliced random moments of a Chris Rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller .	
"Nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns ."	
"What is 100 % missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting ."	
It uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color .	
just not campy enough	
"The movie , directed by Mick Jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting ."	
It 's everything you do n't go to the movies for .	
Like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything 's in place but something 's just a little off-kilter .	
The affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to Demme 's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled Hollywood post-production effects .	
"For all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when Godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking ."	
American Chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an Indian-American would recognize .	
"And the lesson , in the end , is nothing new ."	
It made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen .	
"Due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director 's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality ."	
"... plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments ."	
So devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like XXX and Collateral Damage seem like thoughtful treatises	
"Combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , Beck seems to be under the illusion that he 's shooting the latest System of a Down video ."	
"Dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but Costner , flailing away ."	
It 's a buggy drag .	
"Works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them ."	
"The action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide ."	
"Nonsensical , dull `` cyber-horror '' flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting ."	
"Instead of hiding Pinocchio from critics , Miramax should have hidden it from everyone ."	
Manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .	
A great ensemble cast ca n't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar .	
"There ought to be a directing license , so that Ed Burns can have his revoked ."	
"Whereas last year 's exemplary Sexy Beast seemed to revitalize the British gangster movie , this equally brutal outing merely sustains it ."	
... a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the Linux cause .	
"Green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project ."	
I can take infantile humor ... but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers .	
"There is n't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients ."	
Directed in a paint-by-numbers manner .	
"A lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic Disney adaptation of J.M. Barrie 's Peter Pan ."	
"Samira Makhmalbaf 's new film Blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it 's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal"	
Late Marriage 's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep U.S. viewers off their feet .	
"This time Mr. Burns is trying something in the Martin Scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again ."	
It 's hampered by a Lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .	
Let 's hope -- shall we ?	
-- that the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .	
Is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?	
I do n't think so .	
"Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me ."	
"There is very little dread or apprehension , and though I like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill ."	
"If you 've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what Sex With Strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever ."	
"In the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director Joe Carnahan ."	
"Adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized ."	
But what are adults doing in the theater at all ?	
"Sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the WWII-era Mississippi Delta undermine this adaptation ."	
"It 's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue ."	
"Every time you look , Sweet Home Alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn ."	
"Partway through watching this saccharine , Easter-egg-colored concoction , you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected TV show ."	
The overall effect is less like a children 's movie than a recruitment film for future Hollywood sellouts .	
"Portentous and pretentious , The Weight of Water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama ."	
"Jason X is positively anti-Darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and Jason still kills on auto-pilot ."	
To say this was done better in Wilder 's Some Like It Hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .	
"At the very least , if you do n't know anything about Derrida when you walk into the theater , you wo n't know much more when you leave ."	
"The actors are appealing , but Elysian Fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental ."	
"As ` chick flicks ' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting ."	
The only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .	
There 's no emotional pulse to Solaris .	
"With an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , Soderbergh 's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff ."	
"Denis O'Neill 's script avoids the prime sports cliche , a last-second goal to win the championship , but it neglects few others ."	
The character of ZigZag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .	
"One of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution ."	
Serving Sara does n't serve up a whole lot of laughs .	
"The most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take ."	
"With virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , Chelsea Walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge ."	
"Deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness ."	
"A misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment ."	
Like the Chelsea 's denizens ... Burdette 's collage-form scenario tends to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste .	
It 's basically an overlong episode of Tales from the Crypt .	
The film makes a fatal mistake : It asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life .	
Another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues .	
"Shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere ."	
I ca n't quite recommend it -- it 's too patched together -- but I almost can ; it 's the kind of movie that makes you want to like it .	
"Complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort"	
"Though Perry and Hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by Jay Scherick and David Ronn , neither the actors nor director Reginald Hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining ."	
It takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived .	
"On the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality ."	
The story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you 're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships .	
"Offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs ... a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm ."	
Makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience .	
The movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .	
"Although Huppert 's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , The Piano Teacher is anything but fun ."	
"It showcases Carvey 's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one 's patience to get to the good stuff ."	
Bad .	
Very bad .	
"Stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad ."	
May reawaken discussion of the Kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .	
"If looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , do n't settle for this Imposter ."	
Not really bad so much as distasteful : We need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers .	
"The result is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a Halloween that died ."	
Davis ... is so enamored of her own creation that she ca n't see how insufferable the character is .	
"The Man From Elysian Fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves ."	
"Determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor did n't quite engage this adult ."	
Historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit .	
But this films lacks the passion required to sell the material .	
Long Time Dead ?	
Not nearly long enough .	
There 's not enough here to justify the almost two hours .	
"The X potion gives the quickly named Blossom , Bubbles and Buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately do n't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays ."	
"Perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie ."	
Verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .	
An unwise amalgam of Broadcast News and Vibes .	
"Skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt ."	
Hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole ' miss in the way of story .	
"Returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters , Sandler , who also executive produces , has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy ."	
"Trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive ."	
"Mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity ."	
"It 's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it does n't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks ."	
It offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .	
A sequence of ridiculous shoot - 'em - up scenes .	
Nothing in Waking Up in Reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .	
I 'm just too bored to care .	
"Irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater ."	
"As befits its title , this PG-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the Snuggle Fabric Softener bear ."	
Attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience .	
It all feels like a Monty Python sketch gone horribly wrong .	
Nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .	
Scorsese does n't give us a character worth giving a damn about .	
A beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel .	
Like being trapped at a perpetual frat party ... How can something so gross be so boring ?	
This is so bad .	
"Even film silliness needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping ."	
"I felt sad for Lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by Rohmer , for example ."	
"Prurient playthings aside , there 's little to love about this English trifle ."	
This is a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed James Bond into the mindless XXX mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs .	
"The film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle ."	
"It 's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up ."	
The heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .	
Van Wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase ` comedy gag . '	
At least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .	
"A disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the Bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers ."	
The film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip .	
The end result is a film that 's neither .	
Every nanosecond of the The New Guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable .	
Something like scrubbing the toilet .	
Or emptying rat traps .	
Or doing last year 's taxes with your ex-wife .	
"Is the time really ripe for a warmed-over James Bond adventure , with a village idiot as the 007 clone ?"	
There 's enough melodrama in this Magnolia Primavera to make PTA proud yet director Muccino 's characters are less worthy of Puccini than they are of daytime television .	
"However it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust ."	
"The humor is n't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original ."	
But it could have been worse .	
"Some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , Pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny ."	
Even horror fans will most likely not find what they 're seeking with Trouble Every Day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor .	
"comes off like a rejected ABC Afterschool Special , freshened up by the dunce of a Screenwriting 101 class ."	
"... Designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , `` Crossroads '' instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns ."	
it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so	
"It 's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface ."	
"The title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well ."	
"Sometimes it feels as if it might have been made in the '70s or '80s , and starred Chevy Chase and Goldie Hawn ."	
"Schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character ."	
Demands too much of most viewers .	
So I just did .	
"Shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme ."	
The Ring just left me cold and wet like I was out in the Seattle drizzle without rainwear .	
The film seems a dead weight .	
"The lack of pace kills it , although , in a movie about cancer , this might be apt ."	
"For anyone who grew up on Disney 's 1950 Treasure Island , or remembers the 1934 Victor Fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor ."	
"A clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against ... well , just stuff ."	
"Instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy ."	
"Meandering , sub-aquatic mess : It 's so bad it 's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie ."	
The ending is a cop-out .	
What happens to John Q ?	
I do n't have an I Am Sam clue .	
Has the feel of an unedited personal journal .	
Remember when Bond had more glamour than clamor ?	
No more .	
"Cry havoc and let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed ."	
This charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make Jay and Silent Bob 's Excellent Adventure seem understated .	
The subject of swinging still seems ripe for a documentary -- just not this one .	
... Hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves .	
"Unlike his directorial efforts , La Femme Nikita and The Professional , The Transporter lacks Besson 's perspective as a storyteller ."	
"The overall effect is so completely inane that one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten ... make that three minutes ."	
"Most of the supporting characters in Eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots ."	
This one 's weaker than most .	
Audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the Castro regime in less than saintly tones .	
"The film takes too long getting to the good stuff , then takes too long figuring out what to do next ."	
You can practically smell the patchouli oil .	
To say Analyze That is De Niro 's best film since Meet the Parents sums up the sad state of his recent career .	
"The actors do n't inhabit their roles -- they 're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes ."	
"An often-deadly boring , strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach"	
"This film was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions ."	
Consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than Ali G	
"Another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh ."	
Moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance .	
"The editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden ."	
"Tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films : Young is cool , and too young is too cool ."	
"I doubt anyone will remember the picture by the time Christmas really rolls around , but maybe it 'll be on video by then ."	
"Uncertain in tone ... a garbled exercise in sexual politics , a junior varsity Short Cuts by way of Very Bad Things ."	
"All 's well that ends well , and rest assured , the consciousness-raising lessons are cloaked in gross-out gags ."	
"The only thing worse than your substandard , run-of-the-mill Hollywood picture is an angst-ridden attempt to be profound ."	
"If you think that Jennifer Lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry Ben Affleck , wait till you see Maid in Manhattan ."	
"Stars Matthew Perry and Elizabeth Hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately Serving Sara does n't distinguish itself from the herd ."	
"It 's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit Cherish ."	
Culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character .	
"A movie that , rather than skip along the Seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy Paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek ."	
"Shot perhaps ` artistically ' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by Joaquin Baca-Asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity ."	
Imagine a really bad community theater production of West Side Story without the songs .	
"Soul is what 's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself ."	
"A one-trick pony whose few T&A bits still ca n't save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable ."	
The worst kind of independent ; the one where actors play dress down hicks and ponderously mope around trying to strike lightning as captured by their 1970s predecessors	
"The problem , it is with most of these things , is the script ."	
"It 's got its heart in the right place , but it also wilts after awhile ."	
Proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie .	
"Well , it does go on forever ."	
This overproduced and generally disappointing effort is n't likely to rouse the Rush Hour crowd .	
Topkapi this is not .	
"If Shayamalan wanted to tell a story about a man who loses his faith , why did n't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing ?"	
Ethan Hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the Beatnik generation and it 's all over his Chelsea Walls .	
"I 'm not suggesting that you actually see it , unless you 're the kind of person who has seen every Wim Wenders film of the '70s ."	
"While the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what 's supposed to be a comedy ."	
"A 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode TV series , with all of the pitfalls of such you 'd expect ."	
Guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things .	
"She lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs ."	
Audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school .	
To imagine the life of Harry Potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized Woody Allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is Kung Pow : Enter the Fist .	
"It delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for Deeper Meaning ."	
Credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter .	
"I would have preferred a transfer down the hall to Mr. Holland 's class for the music , or to Robin Williams 's lecture so I could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve ."	
But an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents Nettelbeck 's film from coming together .	
It 's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .	
"A mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes Chaplin 's City Lights seem dispassionate by comparison ."	
"It 's a film that hinges on its casting , and Glover really does n't fit the part ."	
"This is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself ."	
"... with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , I realized this is a throwaway movie that wo n't stand the test of time ."	
Arguably the year 's silliest and most incoherent movie .	
"Anyway , for one reason or another , Crush turns into a dire drama partway through ."	
"After that , it just gets stupid and maudlin ."	
Chao was Chen Kaige 's assistant for years in China .	
He has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .	
A mixed bag of a comedy that ca n't really be described as out of this world .	
The film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .	
Marries the amateurishness of The Blair Witch Project with the illogic of Series 7 : The Contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie .	
The Piano Teacher is the sort of movie that discourages American audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film .	
So what is the point ?	
This is junk food cinema at its greasiest .	
"When it 's on dry land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper ."	
"Some , like Ballistic , arrive stillborn ... looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future ."	
"The story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter Paul Pender overloads it with sugary bits of business ."	
You see Robert De Niro singing - and dancing to - West Side Story show tunes .	
A sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards .	
This dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old Hollywood saw : Evil is interesting and good is boring .	
"Before long , the film starts playing like General Hospital crossed with a Saturday Night Live spoof of Dog Day Afternoon ."	
"The charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginning to wear a bit thin ."	
"Instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film 's more determined to become the next Texas Chainsaw Massacre ."	
"A silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker ."	
"Scarlet Diva has a voyeuristic tug , but all in all it 's a lot less sensational than it wants to be ."	
"The character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and Clayburgh does n't always improve the over-the-top mix ."	
"Flashy , pretentious and as impenetrable as Morvern 's thick , working-class Scottish accent ."	
A battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .	
The movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .	
What 's worse is that Pelosi knows it .	
"... instead go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance ."	
"Lame , haphazard teen comedy ."	
"This miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing Flatbush machismo will get it through ."	
"Expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially Seven , which director William Malone slavishly copies ."	
"It 's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks ."	
It 's laughing at us .	
"Might have been better off as a documentary , with less of Mr. Eyre 's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage ."	
It might as well have been Problem Child IV .	
Arnold 's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces .	
Both awful and appealing .	
The lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary .	
Nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about .	
"We are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting ."	
"Helmer DeVito ... attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids ' TV and revenge ."	
It would n't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7.00 .	
I hated every minute of it .	
Obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of Hey Arnold !	
"There 's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the Disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 MGM version ."	
"A simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within ."	
"There is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt Seagal 's character ... performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we 're not watching a double ."	
Anthony Hopkins ?	
Big deal !	
"Ostensibly celebrates middle-aged girl power , even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive ."	
"If this is an example of the type of project that Robert Redford 's lab is willing to lend its imprimatur to , then perhaps it 's time to rethink independent films ."	
Pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless Todd Solondzian satire and callow student film .	
"Not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it 's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined TV amiability that Allen personifies ."	
It 's just incredibly dull .	
The sad thing about Knockaround Guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film is n't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is .	
A cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man .	
But he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .	
"Egoyan 's movie is too complicated to sustain involvement , and , if you 'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious ."	
"It wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy ."	
"Shadyac shoots his film like an M. Night Shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail 's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension ."	
Plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial .	
"There are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust ."	
"The story 's so preposterous that I did n't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved ."	
I 've heard that the fans of the first Men in Black have come away hating the second one .	
I wonder why .	
They felt like the same movie to me .	
"Despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry , Witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be America 's Sweetheart ."	
An ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent .	
"Birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it ."	
Even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy ... even for Disney .	
"That is essentially what 's missing from Blackboards -- the sense of something bigger , some ultimate point ."	
A compendium of Solondz 's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .	
"If the title is a Jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` How does Steven Seagal come across these days ? ''"	
or maybe `` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''	
"The story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly - stunning insight that crime does n't pay ."	
You 'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot .	
You 'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .	
"Dissing a Bond movie is quite like calling a dog stupid , but when it has the temerity to run over two hours , you feel like winding up with a kick ."	
"Ritchie 's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people 's faces to the fact Amber is such a joke ."	
"Flat , but with a revelatory performance by Michelle Williams ."	
Little more than a frothy vanity project .	
The film goes from being an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending .	
"Verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills ."	
"For all its surface frenzy , High Crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer ."	
The Sum of All Fears is almost impossible to follow -- and there 's something cringe-inducing about seeing an American football stadium nuked as pop entertainment .	
The title Trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you 're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller .	
"The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet ."	
The story really has no place to go since Simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict .	
IHOPs do n't pile on this much syrup .	
focuses on Joan 's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with Spanish inquisitions about her `` madness '' so much that I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9.50 on this 21st century torture device .	
"This series should have died long ago , but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last James Bond movie ."	
A bit of an unwieldy mess .	
"With a story as bizarre and mysterious as this , you do n't want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual Broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door ."	
"The filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it 's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women ."	
"The movie feels like it 's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens ."	
"A gimmick in search of a movie : how to get Carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned ."	
... the last time I saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my SATs .	
... fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .	
... lacks the punch and verve needed to make this genre soar .	
"It 's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold ."	
Largely a for-fans artifact .	
"There 's no denying the elaborateness of the artist 's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity ."	
Characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better .	
There 's plenty of style in Guillermo Del Toro 's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply ca n't sustain more than 90 minutes .	
No reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously did n't invest much into itself either .	
"A strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half ."	
"A boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater ."	
"The vampire thriller Blade II starts off as a wild hoot and then sucks the blood out of its fun -- toward the end , you can feel your veins cringing from the workout ."	
"When the first few villians are introduced as `` Spider '' and `` Snake '' you know you 're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak ."	
An Afterschool Special without the courage of its convictions .	
"The final result makes for adequate entertainment , I suppose , but anyone who has seen Chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they 've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal ."	
So few movies explore religion that it 's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler .	
Watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good .	
"There are touching moments in Etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject ."	
Could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes Fatal Attraction look like a classic by comparison ?	
That 's the only sane rationale I can think of for Swimfan 's existence .	
"I did n't laugh at the ongoing efforts of Cube , and his skinny buddy Mike Epps , to make like Laurel and Hardy 'n the hood ."	
The only way this supernatural snore-fest could give anyone a case of the frights is if they were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare .	
"The film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave ."	
Immediately .	
"Human Nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control ."	
Not even the Hanson Brothers can save it	
"The thriller side of this movie is falling flat , as the stalker does n't do much stalking , and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of actually investigating the case ."	
"A sour , nasty offering ."	
"Feels like one of those contrived , only-in - Hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating Oscar talk ."	
Obstacles are too easily overcome and there is n't much in the way of character development in the script .	
It tells more than it shows .	
Earnest falls short of its Ideal predecessor largely due to Parker 's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material .	
"The film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles ."	
Pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick .	
"Not every animated film from Disney will become a classic , but forgive me if I 've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school `` cartoon '' ."	
"Do not , under any circumstances , consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor ."	
"Nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and Showtime is crammed full of them ."	
Much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie .	
"Each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature , but in its current incarnation , Storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception ."	
A trite psychological thriller designed to keep the audience guessing and guessing -- which is not to be confused with suspecting -- until it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home .	
Neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn .	
`` Collateral Damage '' goes by the numbers and reps decent action entertainment -- until the silly showdown ending that forces the viewer to totally suspend disbelief	
` Enigma ' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable .	
A waste of good performances .	
"A dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours ... a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle ."	
"I kept thinking over and over again , ' I should be enjoying this . '"	
But I was n't .	
"As conceived by Mr. Schaeffer , Christopher and Grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell ."	
"Like so many other allegedly scary movies , it gets so tangled up in The Twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten ."	
"The essential problem in Orange County is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do ."	
"Just like Hearst 's enormous yacht , it 's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination ."	
"There is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false ."	
"Where last time jokes flowed out of Cho 's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line , here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines ."	
"Why come up with something even quasi-original , when you can pillage from Shirley Jackson , Richard Matheson ... and puke up something like ROSE RED ?"	
... too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film .	
"Lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose ."	
Somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional .	
This ill-fitting Tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack .	
"The premise is in extremely bad taste , and the film 's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them ."	
"Sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies , but fails loudly in execution ."	
Imagine the James Woods character from Videodrome making a home movie of Audrey Rose and showing it to the kid from The Sixth Sense and you 've imagined The Ring .	
This time Kaufman 's imagination has failed him .	
An intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort .	
It becomes gimmicky instead of compelling .	
`` Interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .	
` Unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .	
Too bad .	
Frenetic but not really funny .	
"Taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise ."	
"If you 're not a prepubescent girl , you 'll be laughing at Britney Spears ' movie-starring debut whenever it does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch ."	
A didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy .	
"Sluggishly directed by episodic TV veteran Joe Zwick , it 's a sitcom without the snap-crackle ."	
You could nap for an hour and not miss a thing .	
Director Clare Kilner 's debut is never as daft as it should have been .	
New Best Friend should n't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a Mystery Science Theater 3000 video .	
Wallace seems less like he 's been burning to tell a war story than he 's been itching to somehow tack one together	
"Began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one , of course ."	
"Part comedy , part drama , the movie winds up accomplishing neither in full , and leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas , but nevertheless dissatisfied with the movie as a whole ."	
Godawful boring slug of a movie .	
"Dull , if not devoid of wit , this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history , but scarcely manages more than a modest , snoozy charm ."	
"Scene-by-scene , things happen , but you 'd be hard-pressed to say what or why ."	
"... an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work ."	
"It is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie ... but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made Eurotrash cult object ."	
"The tug-of-war at the core of Beijing Bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes ."	
Vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe Ghost Ship .	
Some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations .	
"Being author Wells ' great-grandson , you 'd think filmmaker Simon Wells would have more reverence for the material ."	
But this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film .	
"Offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented ."	
Mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor .	
"Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad Scouse accents"	
Aspires for the piquant but only really achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness .	
"Accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue is n't smart , then you need to use more poetic license ."	
"For all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative , the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale ."	
"A soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn that ends up being even dumber than its title ."	
One groan-inducing familiarity begets another .	
"Although based on a real-life person , John , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours ."	
"Great story , bad idea for a movie ."	
"There is no entry portal in The Rules of Attraction , and I spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters ."	
It 's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins .	
"`` My god , I 'm behaving like an idiot ! ''"	
A dreadful live-action movie .	
"Divertingly ridiculous , headbangingly noisy ."	
"An earnest racial-issues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era -- say , the '60s ."	
"A hideous , confusing spectacle , one that may well put the nail in the coffin of any future Rice adaptations ."	
All I can say is fuhgeddaboutit .	
"Between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap ."	
"If you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still would n't add up to the time required to boil a four - minute egg ."	
"Despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still do n't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another ."	
"Every bit as bogus as most Disney live action family movies are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point ."	
"Never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful ."	
"Spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama ."	
"Oedekerk wrote Patch Adams , for which he should not be forgiven ."	
"Why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me ."	
"The creaking , rusty ship makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts ' haunting is routine ."	
"Scotland , PA. blurs the line between black comedy and black hole ."	
"It tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world ."	
The whole damn thing is ripe for the Jerry Springer crowd .	
"It 's all pretty cynical and condescending , too ."	
I cry for I Spy -- or I would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-TV spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind .	
"A boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk 'n' slash ."	
But that 's just the problem with it - the director has n't added enough of his own ingredients .	
"With recent tensions rekindled by the Kathleen Soliah trial and the upcoming trial of SLA members Emily and William Harris , not to mention Sept. 11 , its difficult these days to appreciate Fire 's bright side ."	
Flaunts its quirky excesses like a New Year 's Eve drunk sporting a paper party hat .	
"Writhing under dialogue like ` You 're from two different worlds ' and ` Tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability ."	
"... too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying ."	
Is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of Wilco 's last album ?	
Faultlessly professional but finally slight .	
"Schmaltzy and unfunny , Adam Sandler 's cartoon about Hanukkah is numbingly bad , Little Nicky bad , 10 Worst List bad ."	
"It 's really yet another anemic and formulaic Lethal Weapon-derived buddy-cop movie , trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness ."	
"Scotland , Pa. is a strangely drab romp ."	
Some studio pizazz might have helped .	
There 's more scatological action in 8 Crazy Nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career .	
"Too loud , too long and too frantic by half , Die Another Day suggests that the Bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 can not fly over , tunnel under or barrel through ."	
... the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity .	
The tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy .	
"If we do n't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get ."	
A modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers .	
Julia is played with exasperating blandness by Laura Regan .	
There 's suspension of disbelief and then there 's bad screenwriting ... this film packs a wallop of the latter .	
"All Ms. Jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters ."	
Mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .	
"This is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few ."	
"This is n't just the CliffsNotes version of Nicholas Nickleby , it 's the CliffsNotes with pages missing ."	
"Considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well ."	
Better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine .	
It might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a Three 's Company-style laugh track .	
"When the plot kicks in , the film loses credibility ."	
Credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment .	
"The movie takes itself too seriously and , as a result , it makes for only intermittent fun ."	
Does n't amount to much of anything .	
Bullock 's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film	
"So stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly ."	
The truth is that The Truth About Charlie gets increasingly tiresome .	
Enduring love but exhausting cinema .	
"Some of Seagal 's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot ."	
A long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been .	
A little too pat for its own good .	
There are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them .	
"Watching Trouble Every Day , at least if you do n't know what 's coming , is like biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms ."	
"Well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special ."	
He 'd create a movie better than this .	
"When a set of pre-shooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that 's a bad sign ."	
A very bad sign .	
"It 's a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story ."	
"Still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral ."	
Almost everything else is wan .	
"Rather , you 'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief ."	
God help the poor woman if Attal is this insecure in real life : his fictional Yvan 's neuroses are aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse .	
Let 's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line : Stay home .	
Undercover Brother does n't go far enough .	
It 's just a silly black genre spoof .	
The film 's implicit premise is that the faith of the Tonga people is in every way inferior to that of John .	
Rates an ` E ' for effort -- and a ` B ' for boring .	
You 've already seen Heartbreak if you 've watched the far superior Nurse Betty or Sunset Boulevard .	
Even the unwatchable Soapdish is more original .	
Plays like one of those conversations that Comic Book Guy on `` The Simpsons '' has .	
"A journey that 's too random and inconclusive to be compelling , but which Hoffman 's brilliance almost makes worth taking ."	
The movie bounces all over the map .	
"But buying into sham truths and routine `` indie '' filmmaking , Freundlich has made just another safe movie ."	
"It 's not horrible , just horribly mediocre ."	
No thanks .	
"Wewannour money back , actually ."	
It 's a sometimes interesting remake that does n't compare to the brilliant original .	
You 're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous .	
"Feel bad for King , who 's honestly trying , and Schwartzman , who 's shot himself in the foot ."	
Tom Green just gives them a bad odor .	
"This self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy Stealing Harvard , but he 's the most obvious one ."	
The enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized .	
Begins as a promising meditation on one of America 's most durable obsessions but winds up as a slender cinematic stunt .	
A monster combat thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it .	
"Proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism ... and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday 's weather report ."	
"The reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity , not warning anyone ."	
There 's not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in Point Pleasant .	
"In the second half of the film , Frei 's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives Nachtwey for self-analysis ."	
Director Barry Skolnick and his screenwriters glibly tick off every point of `` The Longest Yard '' playbook like a checklist .	
Extremely dumb .	
Extremely confusing .	
Extremely boring .	
"We never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas ."	
"For a shoot - 'em - up , Ballistic is oddly lifeless ."	
What happened with Pluto Nash ?	
How did it ever get made ?	
"The result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached ."	
"These spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining ."	
A long slog for anyone but the most committed Pokemon fan .	
"Matthew McConaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy ."	
"How on earth , or anywhere else , did director Ron Underwood manage to blow $ 100 million on this ?"	
"Everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones ."	
"With a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of Los Angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , The Dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path ."	
"Its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent Dumas botch-jobs , The Man in the Iron Mask and The Musketeer ."	
A benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .	
The plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness .	
It 's never a good sign when a film 's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma .	
It 's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition .	
"It does n't help that the director and cinematographer Stephen Kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel ."	
Desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats .	
This film 's relationship to actual tension is the same as what Christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation .	
John McTiernan 's botched remake may be subtler than Norman Jewison 's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga .	
It 's also stupider .	
Director Dirk Shafer and co-writer Greg Hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama .	
Borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu .	
"The acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with Csokas particularly unconnected ."	
"Though Howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this Southern Gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter ."	
Falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that are n't funny .	
"The fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious ."	
can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going .	
All this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull .	
Demme 's loose approach kills the suspense .	
This idea has lost its originality ... and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture .	
"The film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low ."	
Nothing more than a mediocre trifle .	
"A turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull ."	
"Too silly to be frightening , too stolid to be funny , it projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star , David Arquette ."	
"If Kaufman kept Cameron Diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he 'd have them mate ."	
"Trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere ."	
It would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun .	
"Theology aside , why put someone who ultimately does n't learn at the center of a kids ' story ?"	
Sometimes smart but more often sophomoric .	
The ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch .	
"As are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness ."	
Dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it does n't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding .	
Its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing .	
A great idea becomes a not-great movie .	
... watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life .	
"By the end , I was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious ."	
"Not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse , it 's almost funny ."	
Feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention .	
Life is a crock -- or something like it .	
Made by jackasses for jackasses .	
"Despite a powerful portrayal by Binoche , it 's a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum ."	
The picture is a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn .	
"Bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that ."	
"Given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same , we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there is n't much ."	
A bravura exercise in emptiness .	
"Philip K. Dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach ."	
Despite the premise of a good story ... it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles .	
"Not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well ."	
"First good , then bothersome ."	
This goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring	
It 's difficult to say whether The Tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing -- I 'm prepared to call it a draw .	
"Even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame ."	
"So routine , familiar and predictable , it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated Final Draft computer program ."	
"Sunshine State lacks the kind of dynamic that Limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece ."	
Even legends like Alfred Hitchcock and John Huston occasionally directed trifles ... so it 's no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like Zhang Yimou behind the camera for a yarn that 's ultimately rather inconsequential .	
"A long-winded , predictable scenario ."	
Too close to Phantom Menace for comfort .	
"Although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result does n't fully satisfy either the die-hard Jason fans or those who can take a good joke ."	
Too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .	
"This movie is about lying , cheating , but loving the friends you betray ."	
"It smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original ."	
Melanie eventually slugs the Yankee .	
Too bad the former Murphy Brown does n't pop Reese back .	
At the bottom rung of the series ' entries .	
A real clunker .	
"A well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless ."	
A dreary rip-off of Goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for Hispanic Americans .	
"Good for a few unintentional laughs , `` Extreme Ops '' was obviously made for the `` XXX '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction ."	
"... a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason ."	
A frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality .	
Lawrence preaches strictly to the converted .	
"As written by Michael Berg and Michael J. Wilson from a story by Wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all ."	
"Will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible Qatsi siblings ."	
"Just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos ."	
Choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy .	
"... the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs ."	
The only thing in Pauline and Paulette that you have n't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized Oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers .	
"If you 're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere ."	
"It virtually defines a comedy that 's strongly mediocre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while ."	
An instant candidate for worst movie of the year .	
"Despite its title , Amy 's Orgasm is not a porno , though it is as tedious as one ."	
"Like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , John Q. is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause ."	
Adam Sandler is to Gary Cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .	
What parents will suspect is that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial .	
"Without September 11 , Collateral Damage would have been just another bad movie ."	
"Now it 's a bad , embarrassing movie ."	
"Drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the - past numbness ."	
There 's a disturbing ` Great White Hope ' undertone to The Other Side of Heaven that subtly undermines its message of Christian love and compassion .	
"Unless you are in dire need of a Diesel fix , there is no real reason to see it ."	
Wait for video -- and then do n't rent it .	
There 's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about .	
"Too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes ."	
"When a film is created SOLELY because it 's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result ."	
Let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested .	
"Unfortunately , Heartbreak Hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit ."	
"The more Kevin Costner rests on his pretty-boy laurels , the public is , regrettably , going to have tepid films like Dragonfly tossed at them ."	
"But as a movie , it 's a humorless , disjointed mess ."	
"If Myers decides to make another Austin Powers movie , maybe he should just stick with Austin and Dr Evil ."	
The backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense .	
"Too stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise , Frank Novak 's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless ."	
"What is captured during the conceptual process does n't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , The Selection , became in its final form ."	
"If this is satire , it 's the smug and self-congratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook ."	
These people would n't know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance .	
Imagine if you will a Tony Hawk skating video interspliced with footage from Behind Enemy Lines and set to Jersey shore techno .	
"It does n't quite work , but there 's enough here to make us look forward to the Russos ' next offering ."	
Any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment .	
About as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .	
Apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths .	
"Marisa Tomei is good , but Just A Kiss is just a mess ."	
"Opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist 's death bed and does n't get much livelier in the three hours in between ."	
"The noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in Sorority Boys , whose makers apparently believe that women 's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction ."	
To portray modern women the way director Davis has done is just unthinkable .	
Too simple for its own good .	
Flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey .	
A chaotic panorama that 's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .	
"Suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video ."	
The screenplay sabotages the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture .	
"All the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable ."	
"A trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience ."	
Newcomer helmer Kevin Donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .	
"Should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie ."	
Often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .	
The advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .	
Any rock pile will do for a set .	
Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .	
"The performances are so leaden , Michael Rymer 's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud ."	
A subtle variation on I Spit On Your Grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men .	
"Reggio 's trippy , ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified Nike ad ."	
"As Tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne TV sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up ."	
"If somebody was bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of Jesus ' Son , they 'd come up with something like Bart Freundlich 's World Traveler ."	
"The best you can say about it is it 's so uninspired , it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now ."	
An overstuffed compendium of teen-Catholic-movie dogma .	
"Too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good , it succeeds in being only sporadically amusing ."	
"Ben Affleck as Jack Ryan , Tom Clancy 's intrepid hero ?"	
Ridiculous .	
D.J. Qualls as Indiana Jones ?	
Or Tom Green as Han Solo ?	
The movie 's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension .	
The film is directed by Wally Wolodarsky from a script by Joe Jarvis and Greg Coolidge .	
"These are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future ."	
"If this is the resurrection of the Halloween franchise , it would have been better off dead ."	
This formulaic chiller will do little to boost Stallone 's career .	
"I saw Knockaround Guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the Spanish-American War ... It 's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink ."	
"Though Avary has done his best to make something out of Ellis ' nothing novel , in the end , his Rules is barely worth following ."	
The average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town America .	
"No worse than a lot of the crap we 've been offered this summer , and slightly better than Men in Black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go ."	
The plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before Sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset .	
"At first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin ."	
"Never Again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds ."	
"the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : They Might Be Giants ' So to Be One of Us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed ."	
"Technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial ."	
The title 's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is .	
"While the film shuns the glamour or glitz that an American movie might demand , Scherfig tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a Hollywood production ."	
"The humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny ."	
It 's a movie forged in the fires of Chick Flick Hell .	
Its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper .	
Any one episode of The Sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes .	
Feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the Lifetime cable television network .	
"Lanie 's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she 's driven by ambition and Does n't Know How to Have Fun ."	
Denzel Washington 's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .	
"Rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next ."	
"There 's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent ."	
"I can only imagine one thing worse than Kevin Spacey trying on an Irish accent , and that 's sultry Linda Fiorentino doing the same thing ."	
An awkward and indigestible movie .	
The movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs .	
Haneke keeps us at arm 's length .	
"Guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens ."	
All the well-meaningness in the world ca n't erase the fact that The Believer feels like a 12-Step Program for the Jewish Nazi .	
"Like most sequels , it takes what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters , more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness ."	
There 's no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong .	
"Alas , it 's neither ."	
"No movement , no yuks , not much of anything ."	
` Dragonfly ' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck .	
"Thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking ."	
Now it 's just tired .	
Heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension .	
"The movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students ."	
A thinly veiled excuse for Wilson to play his self-deprecating act against Murphy 's well-honed prima donna shtick .	
A minor picture with a major identity crisis -- it 's sort of true and it 's sort of bogus and it 's ho-hum all the way through .	
The movie succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark .	
"Plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights ."	
It will come as no surprise that the movie is n't scary .	
"But here 's the real damn : It is n't funny , either ."	
Quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ?	
"The reason I found myself finally unmoved by this film , which is immaculately produced and has serious things to say , is that it comes across rather too plainly as allegory ."	
"What you get with Empire is a movie you 've seen many times before , repackaged as new material because there is a Latino in the lead ."	
Cho 's fans are sure to be entertained ; it 's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- I 'm not one of them .	
Looks awfully like one long tourist spot for a Mississippi that may never have existed outside of a scriptwriter 's imagination .	
"The period -- swinging London in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in Gangster No. 1 , but falls apart long before the end ."	
High Crimes miscasts nearly every leading character .	
"The overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy , but there 's still a real sense that the Star Trek tradition has been honored as best it can , given the embarrassing script and weak direction ."	
"De Niro looks bored , Murphy recycles Murphy , and you mentally add Showtime to the pile of Hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal ."	
I did n't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot .	
Another rent installment for the Ian Fleming estate .	
So lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun .	
"Though it draws several decent laughs , it 's low-cal Woody at best ."	
Has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags .	
"Lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all ."	
Well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons .	
"Sadly , Hewitt 's forte is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks ."	
"If Melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna ."	
"This film is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it 's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay ."	
"Just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story ."	
Or a profit .	
Or some damn thing .	
"The acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from Gilligan 's Island -- and the CGI Scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year ."	
"Enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment ."	
"The makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep ."	
"A restrained Ribisi convinces as an Italian , though if ever a movie needed one of the actor 's whiny jags to pump it up , this has to be among the rare ones ."	
"Gee , a second assassin shot Kennedy ?"	
Moot point .	
A hysterical yet humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face .	
"Needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey ."	
"The problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise , Mr. Desplechin is content to state it ."	
Madonna still ca n't act a lick .	
"Even the imaginative gore ca n't hide the musty scent of Todd Farmer 's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 Alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship ."	
"If you pitch your expectations at an all time low , you could do worse than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce ."	
But the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored .	
But hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .	
Do n't let your festive spirit go this far .	
"Though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed ... that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like Mr. Schepisi 's seems skimpy and unclear ."	
"Hey , at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it 's heading ."	
"Intended to be a comedy about relationships , this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area ."	
"Director Brian Levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you 'll find on a French poodle ."	
"... perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world ."	
"Suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let 's just say the ingredients do n't quite add up to a meal ."	
I 'd give real money to see the perpetrators of Chicago torn apart by dingoes .	
"But in 2002 , such revelations wilt ."	
The timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off .	
"I admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time ."	
Flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind .	
The story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .	
McKay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness	
"A recipe for cinematic disaster ... part Quentin Tarantino , part Guy Ritchie , and part 1960s spy spoof , it 's all bad ."	
The cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie 's power as a work of drama .	
"Another big , dumb action movie in the vein of XXX , The Transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black BMW through ."	
Aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with Townsend .	
"When she speaks , her creepy Egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music ."	
Outrageousness is all Plympton seemed to be going for this time .	
We miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .	
"Well before it 's over , Beijing Bicycle begins spinning its wheels ."	
"Home Alone goes Hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even Steven Spielberg would know how to do ."	
"Besides , real movie producers are n't this nice ."	
"Passion , lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes ."	
"For me , this opera is n't a favorite , so it 's a long time before the fat lady sings ."	
Looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due .	
"Truth to tell , if you 've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there 's nothing here you have n't seen before ."	
Abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists .	
Even die-hard fans of Japanese animation ... will find this one a challenge .	
Filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low .	
"Fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water ."	
The movie gets muted and routine .	
The issue of faith is not explored very deeply	
"It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest ."	
The situations and jokes are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels .	
It 's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high .	
I was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness .	
"K-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic , but it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy Saving Private Ryanovich ."	
A very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale ... a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more .	
Automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf .	
The film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off .	
"Feels less like it 's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers ."	
Ja Rule and Kurupt should have gotten to rap .	
It would have benefitted the dialogue .	
A standard haunted house tale transplanted to the high seas .	
"Elicits more groans from the audience than Jar Jar Binks , Scrappy Doo and Scooby Dumb , all wrapped up into one ."	
"It 's badly acted , blandly directed , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school ."	
"In the end , White Oleander is n't an adaptation of a novel ."	
"It 's a flashy , star-splashed reduction ."	
"This film , starring Anthony Hopkins and Chris Rock , is your typical ` fish out of water ' story ."	
You 've seen them a million times .	
Just one problem : Fish out of water usually die .	
This one does .	
"The angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging ."	
"A soggy , shapeless mess ... just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie ."	
Men in Black II has sequel-itis something fierce .	
"An ungainly , comedy-deficient , B-movie rush job ..."	
"A combination of standard , stiff TV-style animation and snazzy-looking digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move ."	
"An unsatisfying hybrid of Blair Witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living ."	
"Say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue ."	
"After seeing SWEPT AWAY , I feel sorry for Madonna ."	
"Instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , Hart 's War , like the St. Louis Rams in the Super Bowl , waits until after halftime to get started ."	
Maudlin and melodramatic we expected .	
Boring we did n't .	
"Never quite transcends jokester status ... and the punchline does n't live up to Barry 's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery ."	
It wo n't be long before you 'll spy I Spy at a video store near you .	
"This film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience ."	
Propelled not by characters but by caricatures .	
There is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production .	
"This extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long ."	
The pivotal narrative point is so ripe the film ca n't help but go soft and stinky .	
"For all its alleged youthful fire , XXX is no less subservient to Bond 's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero ."	
A predictable and stereotypical little B-movie .	
"Frustratingly , Dridi tells us nothing about El Gallo other than what emerges through his music ."	
"Places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller ."	
"Stephen Earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type ."	
A very average science fiction film .	
"Undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters ."	
The sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap .	
"The cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama ."	
"The plot is straight off the shelf , the performances are television - caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy ."	
ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance	
A whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness .	
Those who managed to avoid the Deconstructionist theorizing of French philosopher Jacques Derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary Derrida .	
"Or , you can do something fun tonight ."	
Jolie 's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips .	
"As with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure ."	
"Static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , Hey Arnold !"	
would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year .	
"For all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that Kapur tries to bring to The Four Feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear ."	
"When it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than Pokemon 4Ever ."	
What The Four Feathers lacks is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about .	
"Yes , 4Ever is harmless in the extreme and it 'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to Spirited Away ?"	
"Preposterous and tedious , Sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure ."	
Calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it 's more like entertainment for trolls .	
"None of these characters resembles anyone you 've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter ."	
"... just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise ."	
"As elegantly crafted as it often is , Anderson 's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame ."	
"Splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings ."	
... has virtually no script at all ...	
"Will only satisfy those who ca n't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly ."	
just pound away .	
"At times , however , Dogtown and Z-Boys lapses into an insider 's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about ."	
Screenwriters Scott Abbott and Michael Petroni have turned Rice 's complex Akasha into a cartoon monster .	
"The writers , director Wally Wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : Kappa Rho Alpha Phi ."	
Bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description .	
"The new faces are interesting , but the old story is n't , especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted ."	
Most of the action setups are incoherent .	
"Liman , of Swingers and Go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase ."	
... surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs .	
The problem is n't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of Schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball .	
"Dreary , highly annoying ... ` Some Body ' will appeal to No One ."	
"There 's something deeply creepy about Never Again , a new arrow in Schaeffer 's quiver of ineptitudes ."	
"The problem with concept films is that if the concept is a poor one , there 's no saving the movie ."	
"Sorry , Charlie"	
A painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots .	
"Blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but Ahola is simply not an actor ."	
"And in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy ."	
The cartoon that is n't really good enough to be on afternoon TV is now a movie that is n't really good enough to be in theaters .	
Shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker 's bottomless pit of self-absorption .	
"This pep-talk for faith , hope and charity does little to offend , but if saccharine earnestness were a crime , the film 's producers would be in the clink for life ."	
"All ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click ."	
"If this is the Danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps ."	
Formula 51 is so trite that even Yu 's high-energy action stylings ca n't break through the stupor .	
"When the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters , you know you 're in trouble ."	
The film is really not so much bad as bland .	
The central story lacks punch .	
"Though Ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there 's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention ."	
"This may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer 's coming-of-age ."	
"Succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the Touched by an Angel school of non-God spiritual-uplift movies ."	
What was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical .	
The kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion .	
"The story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm , but will anyone really care ?"	
Sucking all the ` classic ' out of Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island and filling the void with sci-fi video game graphics and Disney-fied adolescent angst ...	
"This 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it 's a tad slow ."	
"While Super Troopers is above Academy standards , its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling ."	
"A mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original ."	
"The low-budget Full Frontal was one of the year 's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures , and Solaris is its big-budget brother ."	
"The plot is very clever , but Boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of ."	
The film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future Quentin Tarantino picture	
"A free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments ."	
Apallingly absurd ... the chemistry or lack thereof between Newton and Wahlberg could turn an Imax theater into a 9 '' black and white portable TV .	
A well acted and well intentioned snoozer .	
"The smug , oily demeanor that Donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named Pipe Dream is just repulsive ."	
"Others may find it migraine-inducing , despite Moore 's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding ."	
"Despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments , Super Troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development ."	
It 's hard not to feel you 've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story .	
I watched the brainless insanity of No Such Thing with mounting disbelief .	
"This limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982 's Tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh ."	
"Kwan makes the mix-and - match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action ."	
"While obviously an extremely personal work , it remains inextricably stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut ."	
Any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes .	
"Like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it ."	
I just did n't care as much for the story .	
Has all the poignancy of a Hallmark card and all the comedy of a Gallagher stand-up act .	
"It does n't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality ."	
fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense .	
A semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .	
"It feels like a community theater production of a great Broadway play : Even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original ."	
The film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other .	
"It 's the kind of movie you ca n't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you ca n't bring yourself to dislike it ."	
"Maybe it 's asking too much , but if a movie is truly going to inspire me , I want a little more than this ."	
"A graceless , witless attempt at mating Some Like It Hot with the WWII espionage thriller ."	
The story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough .	
"Based on a David Leavitt story , the film shares that writer 's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness ."	
"Just like every other Seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail ."	
National Lampoon 's Van Wilder could be the worst thing to come out of National Lampoon since Class Reunion	
"This is a great subject for a movie , but Hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director John Woo has built his career on ."	
Ecks this one off your must-see list .	
"Overall , the film misses the brilliance of Jelinek 's novel by some way ."	
It settles for being merely grim .	
"The Irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted ."	
"No , it 's the repetition of said behavior , and so Children of the Century is more mindless love than mad , more grating and boring than anything else ."	
"Just because it really happened to you , honey , does n't mean that it 's interesting to anyone else ."	
Every so often a movie comes along that confirms one 's worse fears about civilization as we know it .	
This is n't a `` Friday '' worth waiting for .	
"If this movie belonged to a sorority , it would be called Beta Alpha Delta ."	
"Not a cheap slasher flick , as the subject matter would suggest , but is a little like a nature film , showing a patient predator and his foolish prey ."	
Uneasy mishmash of styles and genres .	
"Herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among Germany and Eastern European Jews might have changed 20th-Century history is undermined by Ahola 's inadequate performance ."	
"All in all , there 's only one thing to root for : expulsion for everyone ."	
Beyond a handful of mildly amusing lines ... there just is n't much to laugh at .	
Secret Ballot is too contemplative to be really funny .	
The film 's center will not hold .	
"Myers never knows when to let a gag die ; thus , we 're subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another ."	
Too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise .	
"A great ending does n't make up for a weak movie , and Crazy as Hell does n't even have a great ending ."	
"Dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter ."	
"Its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops ."	
"As an actor , The Rock is aptly named ."	
A mostly tired retread of several other mob tales .	
"I wish I could say `` Thank God It 's Friday '' , but the truth of the matter is I was glad when it was over ."	
Nothing about it fits .	
"As it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters ' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them ."	
"Somehow we 're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become G.I. Jane ."	
The cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big ... and the setting remains indistinct .	
Consider the title 's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept .	
The movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable .	
I tried to read the time on my watch .	
"The film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in Chinese history : war , revolution , Communism , etc. ."	
"Johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to ."	
"Ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , ` What 's the point ? '"	
"The two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect ."	
"The film meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but was n't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing ."	
"The movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel ."	
"Once the audience figure out what 's being said , the filmmaker 's relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care ."	
There 's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought .	
"It seems just a long , convoluted ploy to get men into drag -- period drag , no less ."	
"The premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in , but the film must have been written ... in the thrall of a vicious hangover ."	
"Even by dumb action-movie standards , Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever is a dumb action movie ."	
The film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes .	
Just a bloody mess .	
Creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller .	
"You would be better off investing in the worthy EMI recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 Malfitano-Domingo production ."	
Has something to say ... but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller .	
Bears is bad .	
"Not ` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like , ' I once had a nightmare like this , and it 's now coming true ' bad ."	
"As is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious ."	
"George , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please ."	
"For a film about two mismatched buddies , Crystal and De Niro share little screen time and even less chemistry ."	
"However clever Nelson has been in providing variation within the confines of her structure and staging , the question remains whether this should , indeed , have been presented as a theatrical release ."	
"Extreme Oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it 's still a mistake to go see it ."	
What could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent .	
"What will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 ."	
... too dull to enjoy .	
"A morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-TV look , rigid performances and an asinine ` twist ' that brazenly rips off The Sixth Sense ."	
Here 's a self-congratulatory 3D IMAX rah-rah .	
But even a hero can stumble sometimes .	
A sophomoric exploration of ` life problems ' most people solved long ago -- or at least got tired of hearing people kvetch about .	
The impact of the Armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day .	
"Lacking gravitas , MacDowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel ."	
Leave these Flowers unpicked -- they 're dead on the vine .	
"Admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watch ."	
For Caine Lovers only .	
"A shambles of a movie -- visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly ... its hilarity is completely unintentional ."	
De Niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to Clint Eastwood in the lazy Bloodwork .	
"But like Bruce Springsteen 's gone-to-pot Asbury Park , New Jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a City of ruins ."	
"No , it 's not nearly as good as any of its influences ."	
"A reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided ."	
"Human Nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal ."	
But what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .	
The Marquis de Sade could n't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be .	
What could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama .	
"Drives for the same kind of bittersweet , conciliatory tone that Three Seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality ."	
The whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit .	
Fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters .	
And forget about any attempt at a plot !	
"It will probably prove interesting to Ram Dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture ."	
Take away all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie we 've seen and all you have left are John Leguizamo 's cool jackets .	
It 's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic Oliver Parker intends to mangle next time .	
Showtime is closer to Slowtime .	
"It may be an easy swipe to take , but this Barbershop just does n't make the cut ."	
"The Weight of Water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat ."	
"Despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director Peter Mattei 's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy ."	
"Fans of the TV series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored ."	
The only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll .	
Barely goes beyond comic book status .	
It 's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script .	
"I Spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations ."	
It 's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun .	
"Afraid to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics , All the Queen 's Men is finally just one long drag ."	
"Maybe it 's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul `` Full Frontal '' seems , well , contrived ."	
Passably entertaining but also mechanical and joyless .	
"Safe Conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull 's - eye ."	
My response to the film is best described as lukewarm .	
Maybe I found the proceedings a little bit too conventional .	
Too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century .	
"It 's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who ca n't come up with legitimate funny , and it 's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed ."	
"It 's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner ."	
A sudsy cautionary tale .	
A movie that tries to fuse the two ` woods ' but winds up a Bolly-Holly masala mess .	
"Their film falters , however , in its adherence to the Disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that I 'd hoped the movie would avoid ."	
"Leaves you with a knot in your stomach , its power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness ."	
Watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives .	
"As your relatives swap one mundane story after another , you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart ."	
"Unfortunately , as a writer , Mr. Montias is n't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor ."	
On the right track to something that 's creepy and effective ... It 's just going to take more than a man in a Bullwinkle costume to get there .	
"The only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy , jovial team ."	
"One of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating ."	
... this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core .	
Murder By Numbers is like a couple of mediocre TV-movie - of-the-week films clumsily stuck together .	
Warmed-over Tarantino by way of wannabe Elmore Leonard .	
"Showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant `` if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny '' syndrome ."	
Sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre .	
Do n't waste your money .	
"Though certainly original in form , Altar Boys requires a taste for Swamp Thing-type animation , doubled with a deafening score ."	
There 's not enough to sustain the comedy .	
"Like those to Rome , all roads in The Banger Sisters inevitably lead to a joke about Hawn 's breasts , which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them ."	
We may get the full visceral impact of a ruthless army on the warpath but no sense of the devilish complexity of the Balkans conflict .	
You 're better off staying home and watching The X-Files .	
"Chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it 's ... like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror ."	
This is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another .	
Friday After Next has the same problem that Next Friday did -- it 's called Where 's Chris Tucker When You Need Him ?	
"But like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance ."	
I weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider Blue Crush to be an intelligent film about young women .	
I kept wishing I was watching a documentary about the wartime Navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious Hollywood hoo-ha .	
"No number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story ."	
A movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious Charlie Kaufman might object to .	
Could The Country Bears really be as bad as its trailers ?	
In a word -- yes .	
If High Crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title .	
"Reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film ."	
The movie makes absolutely no sense .	
Its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : Since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ?	
The problem with this film is that it 's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot .	
"Had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago ."	
"Despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style ."	
Murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous .	
The journey toward redemption feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie .	
The Gantzes ' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook .	
"The streets , shot by cinematographer Michael Ballhaus , may be as authentic as they are mean , but it is nearly impossible to care about what happens on them ."	
"Parker probably thinks he 's shaking up a classic the way Kenneth Branagh and Baz Luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss Wilde 's still-contemporary play ."	
"Flotsam in the sea of moviemaking , not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising ."	
A TV episode inflated past its natural length .	
"Involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd ."	
All these developments and challenges facing Santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility .	
"There are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they 're not exactly flattering ."	
"The unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession ."	
The story ... is moldy and obvious .	
"It 's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational , and yet it 's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff ."	
Suffocated at conception by its Munchausen-by-proxy mum .	
Punish the vehicle to adore the star .	
"Even if Britney Spears is really cute , her movie is really bad ."	
Big Fat Liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities .	
"Usually when I get this much syrup , I like pancakes to go with it ."	
All the necessary exposition prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand 'n' sandal adventure .	
"Glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism ."	
"Gangs of New York is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up ."	
"An overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences ."	
"Without a strong script and energetic acting , Dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor 's home videos ."	
"A mild , reluctant , thumbs down ."	
Strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and B-film thuggery .	
Schindler 's List it ai n't .	
A cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency .	
It 's an awfully derivative story .	
"It 's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable ."	
About as cutting-edge as Pet Rock : The Movie .	
"With generic sets and B-grade special effects , Jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as TV 's defunct Cleopatra 2525 ."	
Not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hip-hop sorely disappointed .	
Winds up feeling like lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness points with young adults .	
"Oft-described as the antidote to American Pie-type sex comedies , it actually has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough"	
"The pacing is glacial , the screenplay is stiff as a board , and things heat up only in the movie 's final scenes ."	
The premise is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the Clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences .	
"With its hints of a greater intelligence lurking somewhere , The Ring makes its stupidity more than obvious ."	
It 's painful .	
An uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously .	
Sheridan ... smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth .	
An atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding .	
"Half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder ... would be more at home on a daytime television serial ."	
"Unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me ."	
"I found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic ."	
"A lousy movie that 's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable ."	
The best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations .	
Then lower them a bit more .	
"When not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since Macy Gray 's game of Chinese whispers with Mr Bean ."	
Cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke .	
"A woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect ."	
"` Abandon all hope , ye who enter here ' ... you should definitely let Dante 's gloomy words be your guide ."	
"A grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level ."	
Watching the film is like reading a Times Portrait of Grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it .	
Enough similarities to Gymkata and Howie Long 's Firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs .	
"If this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called The Hills Have Antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins ."	
"A frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that does n't exactly favour the audience ."	
"Like a documentary version of Fight Club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest ."	
`` An entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . ''	
"Pryor Lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs ."	
"What 's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class ."	
The stories here suffer from the chosen format .	
"While the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat 's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest , the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun ."	
Just how extreme are these ops ?	
I regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .	
The actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus .	
John Leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie .	
The sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense .	
"Hardly makes the kind of points Egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world ."	
"Build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year ."	
Rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down .	
The Master Of Disaster - it 's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy .	
"The stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002 's first quarter ."	
"It 's so underwritten that you ca n't figure out just where the other characters , including Ana 's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of Ana 's future ."	
A film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not .	
"None of this violates the letter of Behan 's book , but missing is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor ."	
"Bad Company leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script ."	
"Even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission 's worth of funny to keep it afloat ."	
Fails to bring as much to the table .	
"A film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy Hollywood caper flick ."	
Disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material .	
If you 're not the target demographic ... this movie is one long chick-flick slog .	
I hate this movie	
"It 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo ."	
"Gooding and Coburn are both Oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable ."	
"At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it"	
"... pitiful , slapdash disaster ."	
A DOA dud from frame one .	
"Jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company ."	
"Although God Is Great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film ."	
The dark and bittersweet twist feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film .	
First-timer John McKay is never able to pull it back on course .	
"Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register ."	
"Godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks ."	
The movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .	
"A predictable , manipulative stinker ."	
"The story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge ."	
"Eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath ."	
The movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .	
"It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where Human Nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating ."	
"The dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically ."	
"The people in ABC Africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras ."	
Where their heads were is anyone 's guess .	
"Call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message ."	
"A gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups ."	
A painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car .	
Like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .	
"I guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen ."	
"Gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing ."	
One of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .	
Will anyone who is n't a Fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?	
A selection of scenes in search of a movie .	
"Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic ."	
"True to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation ."	
"The script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off ."	
"Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention ."	
A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .	
"Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and , strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin ."	
"As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four ."	
"Limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly ."	
Just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .	
"The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in The Tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine ."	
"While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances ."	
Has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .	
A rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .	
A Lifetime movie about men .	
"It 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ?"	
"This is a movie that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable ."	
The screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .	
"I think it was Plato who said , ' I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '"	
"If Damon and Affleck attempt another Project Greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about ."	
This is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet .	
"Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad ."	
I hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art .	
This is more a case of ` Sacre bleu ! '	
than ` Magnifique ' .	
"The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books ."	
Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear .	
But one thing 's for sure : It never comes close to being either funny or scary .	
Yet another weepy Southern bore-athon .	
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .	
This insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .	
"Instead , it 'll only put you to sleep ."	
Who is this movie for ?	
"Not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance ."	
It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '	
"A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices ."	
"It 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary ."	
Almost as offensive as `` Freddy Got Fingered . ''	
"The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him ."	
"It is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound ."	
"Ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film ."	
"Cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy ."	
"For the future , one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter ."	
A cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .	
"Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness ."	
Originality is sorely lacking .	
The plot 's clearly mythic structure may owe more to Disney 's strong sense of formula than to the original story .	
"Though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation ."	
"Lucky Break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it 's also drab and inert ."	
"For a story set at sea , Ghost Ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '"	
"There might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?"	
Nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .	
I like my Christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .	
It all seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk .	
"Unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style ."	
"Equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid ."	
Excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .	
The film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .	
"It does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject ."	
This kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	
"Though Impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb ."	
"Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of Nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge ."	
Every note rings false .	
"When the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence ."	
It never rises to its clever what-if concept .	
Admirably ambitious but self-indulgent .	
This story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .	
This angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People .	
The entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .	
"About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal ."	
"A big , loud , bang-the-drum bore ."	
It 's too bad nothing else is .	
"Hardman is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast ."	
El Crimen Del Padre Amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors .	
"But seriously , folks , it does n't work ."	
"There 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right ."	
"The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises ."	
I could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .	
"What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once ."	
"Even if you 're an Elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD ."	
It 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .	
I 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .	
The Tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .	
"The film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama ."	
"There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery ."	
It drowns in sap .	
It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .	
I 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .	
There 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .	
The good thing -- the only good thing -- about Extreme Ops is that it 's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list .	
The modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .	
"It 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness ."	
Uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .	
"Director Jay Russell stomps in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel ."	
"Benigni 's Pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow ."	
The troubling thing about Clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .	
Mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting Men in Black mayhem to one part family values .	
"Kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper ."	
A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .	
The material and the production itself are little more than routine .	
"The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had ."	
Not even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .	
It 's all surface psychodramatics .	
"The Mothman Prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece ."	
"Kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera ."	
"For all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them ."	
Yet another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .	
"Sandra Bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff ."	
An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .	
"too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay ."	
There is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .	
"Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient ."	
Has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .	
"A series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story ."	
"Ozpetek offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves ."	
A dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness .	
The Sweetest Thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .	
"Sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it ."	
"I realized that no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all ."	
It made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire .	
"Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever , were made for the palm screen ."	
"SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both ."	
"After all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying ."	
"Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight ."	
"If all of Eight Legged Freaks was as entertaining as the final hour , I would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation ."	
Suffers from a flat script and a low budget .	
"Seemingly a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings , Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore ."	
This franchise has not spawned a single good film .	
The crap continues .	
"Like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through , the characters in Swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover ."	
One big blustery movie where nothing really happens .	
"When it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia ."	
"Like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , Comedian runs out of steam after a half hour ."	
"The pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners ."	
Director Chris Eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking .	
"As it stands , there 's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more ."	
"I could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay ."	
The picture does n't know it 's a comedy .	
"A stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense ."	
The rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .	
Roman Polanski directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .	
Nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .	
This is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .	
"Even if it is generally amusing from time to time , I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have ."	
"Much like Robin Williams , Death to Smoochy has already reached its expiration date ."	
An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .	
"A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with ."	
An often unfunny romp .	
"A worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special ."	
"Twenty years later , Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task ."	
Ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .	
"Despite Hoffman 's best efforts , Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before ."	
"There 's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and The Count of Monte Cristo ... never quite settles on either side ."	
The emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .	
Schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .	
"Like Showgirls and Glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional ."	
"While some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work ."	
It 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .	
Impostor is a step down for director Gary Fleder .	
"Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie ."	
"The movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents ."	
Lacks dramatic punch and depth .	
I can analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down .	
"Sadly , ` Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '"	
Make like the title and dodge this one .	
This is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .	
"The first hour is tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie ."	
"Here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior ."	
"Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end ."	
No amount of good acting is enough to save Oleander 's uninspired story .	
"A vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '"	
Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .	
"Despite its raucous intent , XXX is as conventional as a Nike ad and as rebellious as spring break ."	
"Think The Lion King redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star ."	
It is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective .	
"It 's tough being a black man in America , especially when the Man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance ."	
"An amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video ."	
"The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot ."	
Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?	
"Unofficially , National Lampoon 's Van Wilder is Son of Animal House ."	
"Officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny ."	
"This is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie ."	
"Halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles ."	
"Authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow ."	
Control-Alt-Delete Simone as quickly as possible	
"Follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun ."	
"The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster ."	
"The screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as Hip-Hop Scooby-Doo ."	
Has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...	
"Vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much ."	
"... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch ."	
A generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .	
Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .	
Kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .	
The film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .	
A manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .	
"A profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility ."	
... pays tribute to heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .	
"Time stands still in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable ."	
"As a director , Eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising ."	
"Eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , Caruso 's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable ."	
"To work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer ."	
That is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .	
A puzzle whose pieces do not fit .	
Would that Greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .	
"The good is very , very good ... The rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful ."	
"` Butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach ."	
"Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards ."	
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .	
"In the wrong hands , i.e. Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable"	
"An inexperienced director , Mehta has much to learn ."	
A limp Eddie Murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .	
"So muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style ."	
"`` Looking For Leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something ."	
Nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .	
Good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like Clueless Does South Fork .	
"entertaining enough , but nothing new"	
... one resurrection too many .	
"This is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout ."	
"Even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached ."	
DeMeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material .	
"In spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice ."	
"No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised ."	
"A timid , soggy near miss ."	
Works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .	
"To the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore ."	
This version of H.G. Wells ' Time Machine was directed by H.G. Wells ' great-grandson .	
They should have found Orson Welles ' great-grandson .	
"Shunji Iwai 's All About Lily Chou Chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan ."	
"With more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie ."	
"Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces do n't quite fit together ."	
... would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie 's edges .	
"There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects ."	
"Though Harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities ."	
"The documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice ."	
The movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .	
This is not a Jackie Chan movie .	
It 's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it .	
"Far too clever by half , Howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another ."	
The problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .	
A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .	
"No big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film ."	
I do n't think this movie loves women at all .	
Shankman ... and screenwriter Karen Janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story .	
A negligible British comedy .	
Fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .	
"Slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth ."	
Skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .	
What can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ?	
Trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks ! ''	
"Like the world of his film , Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it ."	
"No new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through ."	
Needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .	
"In the end , there is n't much to it ."	
A waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .	
The film is ultimately about as inspiring as a Hallmark card .	
"Anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly ."	
Disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .	
You could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .	
"Directors Harry Gantz and Joe Gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves are n't all that interesting ."	
Yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .	
"for those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience"	
Femme Fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .	
"Are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue ?"	
"It could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress ."	
Fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .	
Imagine Susan Sontag falling in love with Howard Stern .	
Should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .	
These guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .	
Everything was as superficial as the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had .	
Director David Fincher and writer David Koepp ca n't sustain it .	
"Finally coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie ."	
A movie that feels like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action TV series .	
One of the most highly-praised disappointments I 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .	
"The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet Return to Neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief ."	
"Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great ."	
"Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers comes up short ."	
"Devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects ."	
Anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring . '	
A grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather .	
"The script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters ."	
Hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .	
The film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking .	
I also believe that Resident Evil is not it .	
"It has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition ."	
"This is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy ."	
No amount of nostalgia for Carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .	
Best described as I Know What You Did Last Winter .	
It 's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in Invincible and overlook its drawbacks .	
Lazily directed by Charles Stone III ... from a leaden script by Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis .	
An artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .	
The pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .	
"With lines that feel like long soliloquies -- even as they are being framed in conversation -- Max is static , stilted ."	
"Barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference ."	
"One senses in World Traveler and in his earlier film that Freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact ."	
The obligatory break-ups and hook-ups do n't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .	
is a mess .	
"Hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry ."	
The movie is a dud .	
"Because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags ."	
It 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .	
Some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema .	
These characters become wearisome .	
"A hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as Cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped ."	
This may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .	
"After sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work ."	
"Many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short ."	
Just a Kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people .	
The most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog Rover Dangerfield .	
"Like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless ."	
"Despite its sincere acting , Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype ."	
"Yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other 's existence ."	
"Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny ."	
"I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem ... it 's supposed to be a drama ."	
Qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .	
"Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences ."	
"There is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract ."	
"Bread , My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it ."	
It may even fall into the category of Films You Love to Hate .	
"I admit it , I hate to like it ."	
Leaks treacle from every pore .	
Kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .	
"While we want MacDowell 's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her ."	
Blue Crush is as predictable as the tides .	
... The movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .	
"If you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then Blood Work is for you ."	
"Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead ."	
A well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .	
A family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .	
A plodding look at the French Revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .	
"Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it ."	
"Unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers ."	
"A fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece ."	
"Any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors ."	
"... while the humor aspects of ` Jason X ' were far more entertaining than I had expected , everything else about the film tanks ."	
Your taste for Jonah - A Veggie Tales Movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit .	
"Like an Afterschool Special with costumes by Gianni Versace , Mad Love looks better than it feels ."	
"While certain cues , like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts , Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness ."	
"The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained ."	
A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .	
The film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .	
An excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .	
"How many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?"	
"There are some laughs in this movie , but Williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak ."	
As steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .	
The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .	
The filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .	
"Another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures ."	
This strenuously unfunny Showtime deserves the hook .	
"The whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for Disney sequels ."	
... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .	
"If Disney 's Cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then Cinderella II proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes ."	
"Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory ."	
"With Rare Birds , as with The Shipping News before it , an attempt is made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil -- and The Rock once again resists the intrusion ."	
Nothing about this movie works .	
"If the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic Heaven will quite likely be more like hell ."	
A spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .	
None of Birthday Girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...	
"Are monsters born , or made ?"	
"Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension ."	
"The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard ."	
It 's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .	
"With the dog days of August upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity ."	
Less about Shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations .	
"This rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor ."	
"Takes a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker ."	
"Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest ."	
"A shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable ."	
Nearly every attempt at humor here is DOA .	
Collapses under its own meager weight .	
"If you adored The Full Monty so resoundingly that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained ."	
Technically and artistically inept .	
"Those who are only mildly curious , I fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals ."	
"Though Tom Shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance ."	
"A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral ."	
"Call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid ."	
Death might be a release .	
"No , even that 's too committed ."	
He gets his secretary to fax it . ''	
"Sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light ."	
"Priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal ."	
A beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '	
"Even with its $ 50-million US budget , Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture ."	
"This is a third-person story now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it ."	
"Written , flatly , by David Kendall and directed , barely , by There 's Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter ."	
"The characters are interesting and the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there 's not enough to the story to fill two hours ."	
Like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone .	
"You leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends ."	
It 's depressing to see how far Herzog has fallen .	
"The question hanging over The Time Machine is not , as the main character suggests , ` what if ? '"	
"but rather , ` How can you charge money for this ? '"	
Millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .	
"`` Freaky Friday , '' it 's not ."	
"Perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated ."	
"Although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success ."	
"Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back ."	
"The characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of Scooter ."	
"For the rest of us , sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment ."	
Narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself .	
"Somewhere inside the mess that is World Traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out ."	
A tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .	
An artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .	
"The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness ."	
"... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape ."	
It 's just plain boring .	
"Sad nonsense , this ."	
One of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .	
"The movie wavers between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial ."	
The director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .	
"The satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere ."	
They threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .	
"Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script"	
"If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment ."	
The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .	
... the picture 's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine .	
"Never does `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan . ''"	
One of those so-so films that could have been much better .	
"Crossroads feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama ."	
"Fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor ."	
"Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots ."	
"Cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts ."	
"It has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline ."	
It appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .	
Less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice Belgian waffle .	
"It 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter ."	
Abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .	
"The only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care ."	
"Due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer ."	
An overwrought Taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .	
"Nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release ."	
"A thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric ` Scream . '"	
... another example of how Sandler is losing his touch .	
"Nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams ."	
What goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .	
The plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .	
Guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .	
"Schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ..."	
"Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare ."	
By the final whistle you 're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .	
To say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .	
"A film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun ."	
Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .	
"Some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being ."	
"It 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting ."	
"A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads ."	
It tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .	
"Sweet gentle Jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?"	
"It 's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly wo n't win any honors ."	
"This is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm ."	
"A loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series ."	
"Even on its own ludicrous terms , The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series ."	
"As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved ."	
"Sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist Japanese jokes ."	
"Where Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval ."	
More of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .	
"The April 2002 instalment of the American War for Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood ."	
"Contains all the substance of a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing ."	
Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market .	
Rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .	
"It 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue ."	
"On a certain base level , Blue Crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it ."	
The colorful Masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .	
"... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar ."	
"Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted ."	
"scenario that will give most parents pause ... Then , something terrible happens ."	
"Madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose ."	
"Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days ."	
"The story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched ."	
"A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery ."	
It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .	
Handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism .	
So aggressively cheery that Pollyana would reach for a barf bag .	
"Scooby-Doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick ."	
"Russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features ."	
Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .	
Very stupid and annoying .	
"The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia ."	
A listless and desultory affair .	
Represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .	
How inept is Serving Sara ?	
It makes even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly .	
Jam-packed with literally bruising jokes .	
Wins my vote for ` The 2002 Enemy of Cinema ' Award .	
"Any Chekhov is better than no Chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years ."	
"Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome ."	
"Lazy , miserable and smug ."	
This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .	
"Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable ."	
There 's no energy .	
Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film .	
"After the setup , the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go ."	
"This is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them !"	
"At three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue ."	
A bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .	
A crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss .	
"The film 's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments ."	
"This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '"	
Plays like a checklist of everything Rob Reiner and his cast were sending up .	
"There 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present ."	
"All the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness ."	
"A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there ."	
"The screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children ."	
"Your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but ."	
Not even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .	
Elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke .	
"If you 're looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly , watch Snatch again ."	
"It 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny ."	
"Despite its promising cast of characters , Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '"	
"Both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded ."	
Does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .	
Neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .	
Just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .	
Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .	
"There 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title ."	
"While Howard 's appreciation of Brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast ."	
"A preposterous , prurient whodunit ."	
"Go , girls , right down the reality drain ."	
"Boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie ."	
Can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .	
"... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept ."	
"The film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own ."	
An imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .	
"Muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner ."	
Too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .	
Just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .	
` Matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy .	
"It all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense ."	
Wanker Goths are on the loose !	
Run for your lives !	
Why would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?	
"A grating , emaciated flick ."	
"Unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook ."	
Presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .	
"We have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat ."	
But you 'd never guess that from the performances .	
"The animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies ."	
Ararat feels like a book report	
"Steve Oedekerk is , alas , no Woody Allen ."	
"A lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless ."	
"An amalgam of The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension ."	
"The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing ."	
"Shows that Jackie Chan is getting older , and that 's something I would rather live in denial about"	
"The slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat ."	
This is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .	
"The problem with the mayhem in Formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring ."	
"the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale"	
"Mark Wahlberg ... may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry ."	
"Told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject ."	
Now I can see why people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies '' .	
"If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it ."	
A feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .	
This mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .	
The picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .	
De Niro cries .	
You 'll cry for your money back .	
"Slap me , I saw this movie ."	
"Behind the glitz , Hollywood is sordid and disgusting ."	
"Scherfig , who has had a successful career in TV , tackles more than she can handle ."	
"Just consider what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay ."	
Oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material	
The problems of the people in Love in the Time of Money are hardly specific to their era .	
"They just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way ."	
"Carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , Chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '"	
So putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .	
"In the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate ."	
Sometimes makes less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates .	
"One of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation ."	
There 's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .	
` Rare Birds ' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .	
The movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .	
"In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year ."	
The whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break .	
"Well made but uninvolving , Bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery ."	
"So we got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat ."	
The movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .	
"Kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people ."	
` Snow Dogs ' has both .	
It 's almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .	
It 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .	
"In one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes ."	
Bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies .	
This is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .	
"The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess ."	
What could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess .	
"A little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon Wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films ."	
"Unless Bob Crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression ."	
The lousy John Q all but spits out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role .	
"The whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas ."	
What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !	
The film is so packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film .	
Opera on film is never satisfactory .	
The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .	
"Despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless ."	
"It is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill"	
The Sweetest Thing leaves an awful sour taste .	
It 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .	
"Terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable ."	
"Aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships ."	
A low-rent retread of the Alien pictures .	
"Serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst ."	
Its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .	
A big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .	
The story has little wit and no surprises .	
"The Merchant-Ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage ."	
What should have been a cutting Hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of Variety .	
"Hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?"	
I did n't think so .	
A little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .	
"The movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh ."	
... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .	
"as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary ."	
Plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .	
The central character is n't complex enough to hold our interest .	
A puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .	
"Just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be ."	
"A little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium ."	
"There 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film ."	
The biggest problem with Satin Rouge is Lilia herself .	
"She 's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but does n't reveal an inner life ."	
"What with the incessant lounge music playing in the film 's background , you may mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song ."	
A potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .	
Woody Allen used to ridicule movies like Hollywood Ending .	
Now he makes them .	
"She 's not yet an actress , not quite a singer ..."	
Been there done that .	
There is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew .	
A movie like The Guys is why film criticism can be considered work .	
"Schnitzler 's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying ."	
"Even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness ."	
Only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience .	
"A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target ."	
A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .	
"We can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art ."	
... Liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .	
Too bad .	
"Unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs ."	
"Basically , it 's pretty but dumb ."	
"Squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , Burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare ."	
"There 's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but Kang tacks on three or four more endings ."	
"Reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition ."	
"It has no affect on the Kurds , but it wore me down ."	
"The actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen ."	
"A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find ."	
"If there 's a heaven for bad movies , Deuces Wild is on its way ."	
Comes off like a bad imitation of the Bard .	
What 's missing in Murder by Numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .	
Being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .	
Horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .	
Slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .	
"If Festival in Cannes nails hard - boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing ."	
The movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .	
I have n't seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered .	
Little more than a well-mounted history lesson .	
"Rob Schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian ."	
"A horrible , 99-minute stink bomb ."	
"The film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil ."	
The film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .	
Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .	
How I Killed My Father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts .	
"When it comes to the battle of Hollywood vs. Woo , it looks like Woo 's a P.O.W."	
"There are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies ."	
"The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film ."	
"It 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast ."	
"Content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance ."	
"Its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack , might have made a point or two regarding life ."	
It 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .	
"Neither as scary-funny as Tremors nor demented-funny as Starship Troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price ."	
"If swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh ."	
"The Master of Disguise may have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not ."	
It 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .	
"Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect ."	
It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .	
"Unfortunately , that 's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does ."	
Has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it 's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick .	
"Like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen ."	
Something must have been lost in the translation .	
Becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film : boring .	
"In the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses ."	
Chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .	
Rock 's stand-up magic wanes .	
Action - mechanical .	
`` The Tuxedo '' should have been the vehicle for Chan that `` The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey .	
"For casual moviegoers who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek , they 'll probably run out screaming ."	
What puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie .	
"Plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King ."	
But how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .	
"Whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes ."	
"As a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , Murder by Numbers fits the profile too closely ."	
There ai n't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious .	
What a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .	
"Does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past Seagal films ."	
The kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .	
Nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .	
"Mostly , Shafer and co-writer Gregory Hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor ."	
No cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces Wild .	
"Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good ."	
Strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .	
"There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes ."	
"It 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's ."	
There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups .	
"We 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments ."	
"Like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories ."	
There is nothing redeeming about this movie .	
"I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ... I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care ."	
Derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .	
... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .	
Brosnan 's finest non-Bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .	
"To me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy ."	
Tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .	
"Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up ."	
ZigZag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .	
How can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?	
Nicks and Steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .	
Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .	
The problem with all of this : It 's not really funny .	
"Wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own ."	
Viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet .	
Overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .	
The mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '	
Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard . '	
"In all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant ."	
"It takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about ."	
So here it is : It 's about a family of sour immortals .	
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades	
The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .	
"Writer-director Walter Hill and co-writer David Giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags ."	
"There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces ."	
A cockeyed shot all the way .	
"Unfortunately , One Hour Photo lives down to its title ."	
"Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film ."	
"Cold , Sterile And Lacking Any Color Or Warmth ."	
The film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .	
Seems like someone going through the motions .	
"For a film about explosions and death and spies , `` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film ."	
"Well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies ."	
"Wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste ."	
"Impostor does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast ."	
"Wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy , but it is n't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited ."	
"Choppy , overlong documentary about ` The Lifestyle . '"	
One sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .	
"A film which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised ."	
The story itself is actually quite vapid .	
"It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s ."	
Wait for pay per view or rental but do n't dismiss BarberShop out of hand .	
"A few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic ."	
"Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top ."	
"Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement ."	
"One of those staggeringly well-produced , joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily ."	
"Nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy ."	
"That neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks ."	
What starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .	
The project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting .	
"In old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast ."	
Solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke	
"No cute factor here ... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise ."	
"Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered ."	
A really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .	
"Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand ."	
"It is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment ."	
"For its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen ."	
A work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .	
Upper Teens may get cynical .	
"While this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love ."	
It 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .	
"Most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river ."	
"It 's all gratuitous before long , as if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story ."	
The movie is about as deep as that sentiment .	
It 's fitfully funny but never really takes off .	
"I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake ."	
"For all the complications , it 's all surprisingly predictable ."	
It 's been 20 years since 48 Hrs .	
But his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .	
But it was n't .	
"For a film about action , Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype ."	
"... a low rate Annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school ."	
"It might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness ."	
"The picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain ."	
Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .	
It looks much more like a cartoon in the end than The Simpsons ever has .	
"With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral ."	
Does n't really add up to much .	
"It 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind ."	
An entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .	
A prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .	
Borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .	
It 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .	
"A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore . '"	
"The characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience ."	
"Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours ."	
It 's like a drive-by .	
"You can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise ."	
Everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .	
"This would-be ` James Bond for the Extreme Generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie ."	
Stress ` dumb . '	
"The movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers ."	
"When your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?"	
"It 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch ."	
A fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .	
Too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .	
Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .	
Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .	
"Unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party ."	
"When the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '"	
Just is n't as weird as it ought to be .	
"A `` Home Alone '' film that is staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films ."	
No film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .	
` Hey Arnold ! '	
"They 're going through the motions , but the zip is gone ."	
A sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .	
"A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction ."	
"Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed ."	
It 's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love .	
"The movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''"	
"tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting . ''"	
"Anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity ."	
"The problem with The Bread , My Sweet is that it 's far too sentimental ."	
A late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .	
Never inspires more than an interested detachment .	
"Despite slick production values and director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours ."	
"Pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two ."	
A supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .	
"It ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors ."	
Two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .	
"It is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied ."	
These are textbook lives of quiet desperation .	
"Claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem ."	
"Purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons ."	
"Feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together ."	
"Almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences ."	
"Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic ."	
"It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes ."	
One ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album .	
Phoned-in business as usual .	
"There 's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself ."	
"What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else ."	
"Director-chef Gabriele Muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin ' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale ."	
"Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality ."	
The most horrific movie experience I 've had since `` Ca n't Stop The Music . ''	
It may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . ''	
It 's that painful .	
"God is great , the movie 's not ."	
"Like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable ."	
"When in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip ."	
Or else a doggie winks .	
"A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that ."	
As original and insightful as last week 's episode of Behind the Music .	
You may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .	
A smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .	
"Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames ."	
The Christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it	
"It 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress ."	
"Tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span ."	
I did n't find much fascination in the swinging .	
"What they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge ."	
"The acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff ."	
But no. .	
"Ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok ."	
"Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them ."	
Tedious Norwegian offering which somehow snagged an Oscar nomination .	
It was a dark and stormy night ...	
"A dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment ."	
This sort of cute and cloying material is far from Zhang 's forte and it shows .	
"Bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie ."	
"a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre"	
"Though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful ."	
What starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .	
Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .	
Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .	
"Even with Harris 's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown ."	
The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .	
"Whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as Pulp Fiction and Get Shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , Who Is Cletis Tout ?"	
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .	
"Imagine a film that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s ."	
Most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .	
"Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier ."	
"It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate ."	
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters	
"High Crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd ."	
Set in a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York .	
The chocolate factory without Charlie .	
Long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .	
Hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .	
"A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise ."	
Deserving of its critical backlash and more .	
"Still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered ."	
This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the Farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .	
"I 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks ."	
May offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .	
It aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .	
Most folks with a real stake in the American sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant .	
"If you 're not fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake ."	
"Personally , I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet ."	
Cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .	
Feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum .	
All of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness .	
"... post-September 11 , `` The Sum Of All Fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves ."	
The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .	
"No matter how you slice it , Mark Wahlberg and Thandie Newton are not Hepburn and Grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore ."	
Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .	
"Humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention ."	
The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '	
"Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me ."	
More tiring than anything .	
"Nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself ."	
It 's horribly depressing and not very well done .	
"... the efforts of its star , Kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught ."	
"A good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground ."	
Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?	
And it 's a lousy one at that .	
Overly long and worshipful bio-doc .	
It is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .	
It 's just merely very bad .	
Writer-director Ritchie reduces Wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .	
"Everything about Girls Ca n't Swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way ."	
"Feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake ."	
"In my own very humble opinion , In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works ."	
The script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .	
"Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious ."	
"Meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull ."	
"A disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants ."	
"A road trip that will get you thinking , ` Are we there yet ? '"	
"Director Elie Chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?"	
"Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation ."	
"If there was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , A Rumor of Angels should dispel it ."	
An occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .	
What could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .	
The movie is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot .	
This pathetic junk is barely an hour long .	
"Nevertheless , it still seems endless ."	
It is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !	
It 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .	
And I expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch .	
Dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy .	
Is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?	
It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman .	
"The leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material ."	
Staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .	
"Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired ."	
"Brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation ."	
Plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .	
"Like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery ."	
The truth about Charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .	
displays the potential for a better movie than what Bailly manages to deliver	
So exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .	
An awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .	
The latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen .	
Snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .	
"Ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous ."	
Chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .	
"It 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name ."	
Even Murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .	
A sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .	
Some Body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .	
"Apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program ."	
Depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .	
Only masochistic moviegoers need apply .	
A movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .	
"Not bad , but not all that good ."	
"Bacon keeps things interesting , but do n't go out of your way to pay full price ."	
"Rob Schneider , Dana Carvey and Sarah Michelle Gellar in The Philadelphia Story ?"	
David Spade as Citizen Kane ?	
"The problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay ."	
It 's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .	
Upper West Sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .	
"On its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture ."	
I ca n't say this enough : This movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .	
It 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .	
"After a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky ."	
"We get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle ."	
Summer 's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .	
"The film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one ."	
"Often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There ?"	
into How Long Is This Movie ?	
Too bad Kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .	
Deuces Wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .	
It 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .	
Epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star .	
It 's sweet ... but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end .	
"A dull , dumb and derivative horror film ."	
An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .	
"Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh ."	
This is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .	
"These self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation ."	
The fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of Demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .	
"Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but Lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold ."	
... built on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids .	
"A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film ."	
"Like a grinning Jack O ' Lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded ."	
Reyes ' word processor .	
"Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour ."	
It 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison .	
A little objectivity could have gone a long way .	
One of the worst films of 2002 .	
"I believe Silberling had the best intentions here , but he just does n't have the restraint to fully realize them ."	
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood .	
McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .	
This movie is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States .	
"The explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me ."	
This ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .	
An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .	
The film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .	
"Instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized ."	
The crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .	
I wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .	
"The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously , it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA ."	
"Adrift , Bentley and Hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design ."	
"After an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be ."	
"` Linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '"	
"A woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy ."	
"If you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material ."	
"It 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable ."	
"Like its title character , Esther Kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating ."	
"The star who helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears . ''"	
"A summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution ."	
Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .	
"Snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this ."	
"If legendary shlockmeister Ed Wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles ."	
"Interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring ."	
"Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content ."	
It 's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion .	
"Bogs down badly as we absorb Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance ."	
The camera whirls !	
"Wow , a jump cut !"	
Demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .	
"The action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up ."	
It almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .	
"Ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing ."	
"Full Frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature ."	
A ragbag of cliches .	
This rough trade Punch-and-Judy act did n't play well then and it plays worse now .	
"The three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling ."	
"It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling ."	
This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .	
"Has its moments , but it 's pretty far from a treasure ."	
What more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?	
"Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick ."	
You know that ten bucks you 'd spend on a ticket ?	
Just send it to Cranky .	
We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .	
"An even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor ."	
The whole thing plays like a tired Tyco ad .	
The film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal .	
"The soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too ."	
"No , I do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money ."	
"Even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , Sorority Boys is a bowser ."	
"One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing ."	
"Halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary ."	
"Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting ."	
"We ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie ."	
"Unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire ."	
There is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .	
"Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence ."	
"This movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch ."	
"The secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again ."	
"Smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong ... it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera ."	
Chelsea Walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .	
Every joke is repeated at least four times .	
Every joke is repeated at least four times .	
"Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?"	
Comes across as a fairly weak retooling .	
The lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .	
"Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious , and Schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess ."	
"The movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates ."	
A sugar-coated Rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .	
Romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .	
They cheapen the overall effect .	
Has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital .	
"An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism ."	
An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .	
Not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .	
"The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension ."	
"Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when Carol Kane appears on the screen ."	
The scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .	
Merchant has n't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage .	
"The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is ."	
More a gunfest than a Rock concert .	
"It 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni ."	
A muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .	
It makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .	
It 's not original enough .	
A listless sci-fi comedy in which Eddie Murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .	
Little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its Summer X Games .	
A generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .	
"Julie Davis is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent ."	
"An unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' ."	
The story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .	
"Curiously , Super Troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length ."	
So bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy .	
I was sent a copyof this film to review on DVD .	
I still want my money back .	
"It plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting ."	
"It 's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive ."	
All too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938 .	
Strictly middle of the road .	
"No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but The Guys still feels counterproductive ."	
"A very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel ."	
"With little visible talent and no energy , Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee ."	
"Well-meaning to a fault , Antwone Fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy ."	
"Seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director Fisher Stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors ."	
Formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .	
Everything that was right about Blade is wrong in its sequel .	
Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .	
"Coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock ."	
"Anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy ."	
"They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes ."	
Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .	
"Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident ."	
"Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque ."	
The most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .	
Michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .	
"Ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies ."	
Enigma lacks it .	
"Potty-mouthed enough for PG-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults ."	
"... has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites ."	
"A distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour ."	
Most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .	
"In the end , Tuck Everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in ."	
"McKay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative ."	
Plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .	
"Amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way ."	
"Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling ."	
A characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .	
A somewhat disappointing and meandering saga .	
"Whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end ."	
"But , no , we get another scene , and then another ."	
You begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .	
"An empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility ."	
"The screenplay , co-written by director Imogen Kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing ."	
The milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .	
"Unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters ."	
"Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time ."	
"Except for Paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for Bartleby 's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion ."	
The laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .	
"lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking ."	
Knockaround Guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up .	
But they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .	
"Mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money ."	
"It briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest - -- audience sadism -- is evaded completely ."	
"For every articulate player , such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence ."	
There 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .	
An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .	
"It 's unfortunate that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue ."	
I 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .	
Dreary tale of middle-class angst	
"For a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either ."	
"Like Schindler 's List , The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way ."	
"An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film ."	
It 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .	
Friday After Next is a lot more bluster than bite .	
Its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .	
A decidedly mixed bag .	
"There are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels ."	
"Ice Cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but Friday After Next spreads them pretty thin ."	
"Not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending ."	
"The characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality ."	
Just dreadful .	
I do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't Owen Wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?	
"hard as this may be to believe , Here on Earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film ."	
This is just lazy writing .	
Even kids deserve better .	
The pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .	
And Diesel is n't the actor to save it .	
Bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .	
... a preachy parable stylized with a touch of John Woo bullet ballet .	
"But the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes ."	
How about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?	
"The problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull ."	
"`` Sorority Boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad ."	
"A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder"	
"Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 ."	
"It 's a gag that 's worn a bit thin over the years , though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles ."	
"An uplifting drama ... What Antwone Fisher is n't , however , is original ."	
"Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire ."	
"Showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again ."	
All the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .	
This Tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .	
"But first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort"	
"Been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better ."	
"What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism ."	
"Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness ."	
"Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers ."	
Barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality .	
"None of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens ."	
The kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .	
"` Punch-Drunk Love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '"	
At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .	
The trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of Showgirls .	
"While the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation ."	
A crass and insulting homage to great films like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics .	
What 's the most positive thing that can be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle ?	
"Well , it 's not as pathetic as The Animal ."	
"With all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles ."	
The problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up Shum 's good intentions .	
What ` Blade Runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel .	
"Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release ."	
"With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s ."	
"Loud , silly , stupid and pointless ."	
You 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .	
A yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .	
"Did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?"	
"Seriously , rent the Disney version ."	
"As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but Lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them ."	
`` Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .	
"Problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on ."	
A loquacious and dreary piece of business .	
"director Hoffman , his writer and Kline 's agent should serve detention"	
"Dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery ."	
Time of Favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .	
I 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .	
"While Serving Sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza , there 's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration ."	
"I 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen ."	
The only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .	
"Whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors ."	
"As with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else ."	
The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .	
"If routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear ."	
This is one baaaaaaaaad movie .	
He may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates .	
"But Windtalkers does n't beat that one , either ."	
May puzzle his most ardent fans .	
Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .	
"We never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity ."	
Those unfamiliar with Mormon traditions may find The Singles Ward occasionally bewildering .	
"Ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose Madonna ."	
"The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long ."	
"Feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form ."	
"While you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet , you 're a Jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''"	
The whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '	
"... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , Scoob and Shag do n't eat enough during the film . '"	
More of the same old garbage Hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .	
TV skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .	
"If there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one ."	
"It 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows ."	
Any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap .	
"Its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , Steven Soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience ."	
"Despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela ."	
"This is a picture that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool ."	
"Feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class ."	
"Unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications ."	
Vulgar is too optimistic a title .	
"The actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect ."	
The characters never change .	
"If The Last Man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows ."	
"Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place ."	
"Even as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ..."	
A bad movie that happened to good actors .	
Boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .	
That such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .	
"It all starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television ."	
Rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .	
"If you saw Benigni 's Pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police ."	
"The animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but Jonah ... never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment ."	
"Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear ."	
Shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .	
"In his role of observer of the scene , Lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature ."	
The film did n't convince me that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side .	
What happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?	
"Despite some comic sparks , Welcome to Collinwood never catches fire ."	
"Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place ."	
Shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .	
Even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .	
All the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .	
"One thing 's for sure -- if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head ."	
For dance completists only .	
"Spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations"	
"It would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny ."	
The locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .	
"Yo , it 's The Days Of Our Lives meets Electric Boogaloo ."	
"I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere ."	
"This little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation ."	
Makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .	
"Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes ."	
"Aspires to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like The Adventures of Ford Fairlane ."	
Real-life strongman Ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .	
"The title , alone , should scare any sane person away ."	
Low comedy does n't come much lower .	
It 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins .	
One of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .	
This is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .	
Let 's face it -- there are n't many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears .	
"A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy ."	
"An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 ."	
"The movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory ."	
The movie 's vision of a white American zealously spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .	
Maid in Manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .	
A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .	
I ca n't remember the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .	
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .	
"Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand ."	
"One long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before ."	
"Forgettable , if good-hearted , movie ."	
The film 's most improbable feat ?	
It did n't go straight to video .	
... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .	
The Chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .	
"Cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience ."	
It 's not too much of anything .	
"The great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home ."	
About as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life .	
An empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .	
"We could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product ."	
"Instead of using George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics ."	
Becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .	
Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .	
Grant is n't Cary and Bullock is n't Katherine .	
"Like a fish that 's lived too long , Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places ."	
Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .	
The entire movie is in need of a scented bath .	
"I 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - Arnold is not , nor will he be , back ."	
"The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult ."	
A Movie to Forget	
"Enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre ."	
"The performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody ."	
"It looks good , but it is essentially empty ."	
The film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .	
"The idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run ."	
"Van Wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest ."	
It 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .	
Do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?	
The major problem with Windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .	
Tennessee Williams by way of Oprah 's Book Club .	
So verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-TV movie .	
"The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense ."	
This film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .	
"Watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard ."	
The script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime ' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids .	
Starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner .	
Some Like It Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .	
Witless and utterly pointless .	
"When ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre ."	
Show me the mugging .	
Visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .	
"As a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character ."	
"A guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it ."	
A sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .	
"With a `` Spy Kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?"	
It 's just rather leaden and dull .	
Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .	
Statham employs an accent that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British .	
"De Ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter ."	
Dismally dull sci-fi comedy .	
There 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .	
The leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .	
Adam Sandler 's 8 Crazy Nights is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .	
essentially `` Fatal Attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .	
"... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ..."	
"Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture ."	
The film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .	
A singularly off-putting romantic comedy .	
This is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .	
It all comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow .	
I ca n't .	
"In the spirit of the season , I assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio -- but I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it ."	
Check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .	
A culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .	
The logic of it all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .	
"As self-aware movies go , Who is Cletis Tout ?"	
"Starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar ."	
"... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes ."	
After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .	
Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .	
"There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them ."	
"Its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure ."	
"At times , it actually hurts to watch ."	
"Nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme ."	
The jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .	
"The movie is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay ."	
"A beyond-lame satire , Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor ."	
And people make fun of me for liking Showgirls .	
"Such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production ."	
But it does n't leave you with much .	
"I 'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking ."	
"Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie : Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal ."	
There is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .	
This is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .	
"One of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way ."	
"From its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , Bartleby squanders as much as it gives out ."	
"Yet another genre exercise , Gangster No. 1 is as generic as its title ."	
"Despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair ..."	
"There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down ."	
"Once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle ."	
"A lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles French , Japanese and Hollywood cultures ."	
"Such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution ."	
"This overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious ."	
"An ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting ."	
Rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .	
"A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture ."	
So much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .	
A disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip .	
Does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon .	
"This Sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama ."	
"He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does ."	
It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ? ''	
"In a strange way , Egoyan has done too much ."	
"The film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo ."	
The last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others ' affections .	
"A clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ..."	
"What we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down ."	
The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .	
"A shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing ."	
"To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit ."	
"This is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least ."	
"It 's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself ."	
"Scotland , PA is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept ."	
A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between Highlander and Lolita .	
"Not only does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes ."	
"There 's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity ."	
It 's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag .	
The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .	
"Sorority Boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it ."	
Here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .	
"Maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make Trouble Every Day any better ."	
Fans of so-bad-they 're - good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess .	
"Sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb ."	
"Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable ."	
The most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .	
Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?	
It goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .	
Make Chan 's action sequences boring .	
You ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .	
"` In this poor remake of such a well loved classic , Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '"	
It 's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn .	
"The film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut ."	
The movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .	
"I found it slow , predictable and not very amusing ."	
"Director Yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times ."	
Viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .	
"A pint-sized ` Goodfellas ' designed to appeal to the younger set , it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense , but it does mostly hold one 's interest ."	
Get out your pooper-scoopers .	
"It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and I think even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting ."	
"More busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining ."	
There are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .	
It 's makes a better travelogue than movie .	
"It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here ."	
-- was a fad that had long since vanished .	
"Its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary ."	
The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman leaves a lot to be desired .	
"If you saw it on TV , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie ."	
"If this is cinema , I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey ."	
Yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .	
Most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .	
"Starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera ."	
It 's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick .	
Most of the film feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs .	
"Perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff ."	
Nor is it a romantic comedy .	
Culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-Harry Potter -- right down to the Gryffindor scarf .	
"Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual ."	
It 's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .	
"In the not-too-distant future , movies like Ghost Ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds ."	
"Right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination ."	
The movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .	
Like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... Circuit gets drawn into the party .	
It appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .	
"Beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments ."	
Snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .	
"Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent ."	
"Starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion ."	
"Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career ."	
"The result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone ."	
A sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .	
All Analyze That proves is that there is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .	
"Green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that ."	
There 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .	
"The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare , and the romance with Ryder is puzzling ."	
"Wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach ."	
Resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project .	
Poor Ben Bratt could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .	
Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .	
"Unlike Trey Parker , Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself ."	
A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .	
"An empty , purposeless exercise ."	
A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .	
Those 24-and-unders looking for their own Caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .	
"A distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze ."	
What begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .	
"Ultimately , Jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with ."	
Ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .	
"It 's clear why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf ."	
"Feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women ."	
"When the precise nature of Matthew 's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up ."	
"This picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootouts ."	
"A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets ."	
The feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .	
This slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .	
A film that will probably please people already fascinated by Behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .	
"Davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine ."	
The densest distillation of Roberts ' movies ever made .	
A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC .	
"Tom Green and an Ivy League college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 ."	
Master of Disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .	
A reworking of Die Hard and Cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .	
Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .	
A film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .	
"But the problem with Wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources ."	
"It stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie ."	
Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .	
"Parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there is n't enough clever innuendo to fil"	
The niftiest trick perpetrated by The Importance of Being Earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen -- and a Hollywood-ized Austen at that .	
"Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art ."	
Too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .	
"Cherry Orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '"	
"What ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits ."	
A dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .	
The movie is without intent .	
Visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .	
"Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip ."	
"Allegiance to Chekhov , which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap ."	
"The first mistake , I suspect , is casting Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?"	
"The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving ."	
"Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage ."	
"Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing ."	
It has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references .	
"Despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing ."	
Attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .	
"He seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither ."	
I could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again .	
"It 's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from ."	
"Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy ."	
The only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .	
No Such Thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .	
"Unfortunately , neither Sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate ."	
"A wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily ."	
"It 's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places ."	
Lurid and less than lucid work .	
A wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .	
This 90-minute dud could pass for Mike Tyson 's E !	
True Hollywood Story .	
"This is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio ."	
"Once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny ."	
A porn film without the sex scenes .	
"The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in Invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice ."	
"A depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women ."	
"While it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own ."	
"Broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs ."	
"Yes they can swim , the title is merely Anne-Sophie Birot 's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through ."	
The Sweetest Thing leaves a bitter taste .	
A thriller without a lot of thrills .	
This stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .	
"Ah , the travails of metropolitan life !"	
"Alas , another breathless movie about same !"	
Done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .	
"Despite its visual virtuosity , ` Naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it ."	
Slap her - she 's not funny !	
"No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half ."	
`` One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''	
Um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?	
"It has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material ."	
"Its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy ."	
The plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .	
I suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD .	
An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .	
Ninety minutes of Viva Castro !	
"can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro rhetoric , which are included"	
"Comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man ."	
"It just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller ."	
"In a 102-minute film , Aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time ."	
... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . ''	
"Hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired ."	
It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .	
The problem with `` XXX '' is that its own action is n't very effective .	
A great script brought down by lousy direction .	
Same guy with both hats .	
Big mistake .	
"A mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke ."	
"He does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash ."	
"In gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz ."	
The Spalding Gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .	
Perhaps even the SLC high command found writer-director Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .	
The romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .	
"If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it ."	
Supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .	
"Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , Jane Campion might have done , but at least it possesses some ."	
To Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago ...	
A slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .	
This u-boat does n't have a captain .	
This one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .	
"Dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song ."	
"I walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like ."	
"Why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care ."	
"After several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget ."	
The Country Bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .	
But the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences	
Adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio .	
"As for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all ."	
... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .	
Too bad writer-director Adam Rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets .	
It 's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .	
"The movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you ."	
"The movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine . '"	
But its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .	
"Despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings ."	
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .	
What should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .	
"A bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for Universal Studios and its ancillary products . . ."	
"little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic ."	
"The movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself ."	
The Master of Disguise is awful .	
It 's Pauly Shore awful .	
Do n't say you were n't warned .	
Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other John Woo flick for that matter .	
` Opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .	
"An ugly , revolting movie ."	
The film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way .	
"The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it ."	
Watching `` Ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .	
You ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .	
"Certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic ."	
"It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time ."	
The skills of a calculus major at M.I.T. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?	
"From the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` Besotted '' is misbegotten"	
My advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .	
"A film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations ."	
"Filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life ."	
"directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name"	
"The 70-year-old Godard has become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them ."	
An unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .	
"Solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous ."	
"Harvard Man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality ."	
"Supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy ."	
"Alas , getting there is not even half the interest ."	
"Hart 's War seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character ."	
"Theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues ."	
"This latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone ."	
Novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .	
"Been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called The Professional ."	
"The film is all over the place , really ."	
"It dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum ."	
The action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .	
"Forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining ."	
"Such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but Kaufman and Gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go ."	
Burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .	
"While this one gets off with a good natured warning , future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter"	
Another boorish movie from the I-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .	
"Too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks ."	
It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .	
And it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .	
"The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own DV poetry with the Beat he hears in his soul ."	
"The sight of the name Bruce Willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind -- maybe too much ."	
"Why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?"	
"The obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm ."	
Exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair .	
The movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .	
"It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events ."	
All mood and no movie .	
Press the delete key .	
It just does n't have anything really interesting to say .	
"Once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional ."	
Wait to see it then .	
There 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .	
"Or for the year , for that matter ."	
"Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck ."	
"This hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book ."	
"Death to Smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke ."	
Over and over again .	
"The film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class ."	
To call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .	
Entertainment more disposable than Hanna-Barbera 's half-hour cartoons ever were .	
"The film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries ."	
It 's not an easy one to review .	
At best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .	
But it would be better to wait for the video .	
And a very rainy day .	
The whole talking-animal thing is grisly .	
Would n't it be funny if a bunch of Allied soldiers went undercover as women in a German factory during World War II ?	
"Um , no. ."	
But here 's a movie about it anyway .	
"The punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one ."	
Showtime 's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment .	
But ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .	
"A determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird ."	
"Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... Well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care ."	
It 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .	
"Woody , what happened ?"	
It 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah .	
You can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell .	
"Throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?"	
Cattaneo reworks the formula that made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .	
Routine and rather silly .	
"Totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are The Greatest Musicians of All Time ."	
You can practically hear George Orwell turning over .	
"Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense -- but Sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance ."	
"While Holm is terrific as both men and Hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise ."	
"Lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling ."	
"If it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo ."	
"If nothing else , `` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J."	
A movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire .	
How do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?	
"On the evidence before us , the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough ."	
"The film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting ."	
More trifle than triumph .	
"The movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction ."	
Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .	
"Lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller Unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded ."	
"It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out ."	
"Rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic ."	
Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .	
"The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and Naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated ."	
"... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags ."	
Bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .	
Blood Work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period .	
The movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .	
There 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .	
"No amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script ."	
"It 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise ."	
Nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .	
The Armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment .	
Earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .	
"We started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine ."	
Even when Crush departs from the 4W formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .	
More likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .	
Bears is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be .	
"When you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble ."	
"This is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives ."	
"Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears ."	
"But this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title ."	
"Not once in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '"	
"Rollerball IS as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine ."	
The first question to ask about Bad Company is why Anthony Hopkins is in it .	
"We assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low ."	
"Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general ."	
It merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .	
Suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling .	
"Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining ."	
"Nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters ."	
"With a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard ."	
Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?	
When the twist endings were actually surprising ?	
When the violence actually shocked ?	
When the heroes were actually under 40 ?	
"Sadly , as Blood Work proves , that was a long , long time ago ."	
"Blue Crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought ."	
This movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101 .	
What we get in FearDotCom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie .	
"In other words , it 's badder than bad ."	
"If they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn ."	
A sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken .	
A small independent film suffering from a severe case of Hollywood-itis .	
Where the film falters is in its tone .	
The story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .	
"Ultimately , Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness ."	
"It 's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up ."	
Feels more like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .	
Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic .	
"An enigmatic film that 's too clever for its own good , it 's a conundrum not worth solving ."	
"A zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious ."	
A film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .	
"It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that ."	
"Certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either ."	
"Although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful ."	
The result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .	
Nothing but an episode of Smackdown !	
in period costume and with a bigger budget .	
"While the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon , Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle ."	
"It should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring ."	
"A tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid ."	
"Stealing Harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious ."	
This is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .	
Does anyone much think the central story of Brendan Behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ?	
"` Martin Lawrence Live ' is so self-pitying , I almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show ."	
"The dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so ."	
"Never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three ."	
It has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .	
Does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring .	
Do n't hate El Crimen del Padre Amaro because it 's anti-Catholic .	
Hate it because it 's lousy .	
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .	
"Like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create ."	
"The filmmakers are playing to the Big Boys in New York and L.A. To that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either ."	
The big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .	
Not just unlikable .	
Disturbing .	
Disgusting .	
Without any redeeming value whatsoever .	
This thing is virtually unwatchable .	
Feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .	
"The self-serious Equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows ."	
"The main characters are simply named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort ."	
In terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .	
"Swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then ."	
The only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .	
"The characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script ."	
A Sha-Na-Na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .	
"The trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through ."	
Spy-vs .	
- spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together .	
"A so-so , made-for-TV something posing as a real movie ."	
"The only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its Labor Day weekend upload , FearDotCom should log a minimal number of hits ."	
"Whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around ."	
An uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .	
"This is Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often ."	
"This is as lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material ."	
"Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life ."	
"The sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset ."	
"Aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production does n't work for me ."	
"Everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line ."	
An extraordinarily silly thriller .	
A rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .	
Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .	
"Talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark ."	
"The movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten ."	
Charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions .	
What a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .	
No amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .	
"The problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau ."	
"... for all its social and political potential , State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful ."	
"A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't ."	
"Little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable ."	
"The nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations ."	
"This is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy ."	
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue	
"If there ai n't none , you have a problem ."	
The Master of Disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live . '	
Yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't - miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong .	
Koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .	
Is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?	
"More successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine"	
"Clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades ."	
It 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .	
"Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash ."	
"A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy ."	
The drama discloses almost nothing .	
A minor-league soccer remake of The Longest Yard .	
"As earnest as a community-college advertisement , American Chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school ."	
"A dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the Animal Planet documentary series , Crocodile Hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring ."	
There is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .	
And that should tell you everything you need to know about All the Queen 's Men .	
"Even fans of Ismail Merchant 's work , I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one ."	
"It 's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one ."	
"Enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts ... What is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting ."	
"Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate ."	
Sade achieves the near-impossible : It turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard .	
"One of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I 've ever seen ."	
"Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish ."	
"Unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making ."	
"Unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , Impostor is opening today at a theater near you ."	
"It should be doing a lot of things , but does n't ."	
"Chen films the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book ."	
... a rather bland affair .	
"I was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither ."	
"Harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden ."	
"Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , XXX achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence ."	
"A boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad ."	
"All the Queen 's Men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers ."	
The filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .	
"It 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it ."	
I suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it .	
"If you go , pack your knitting needles ."	
The lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .	
We do n't even like their characters .	
"Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that I ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck ."	
The movie does n't generate a lot of energy .	
"It is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously ."	
This feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head	
"Spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning ."	
"It feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs ."	
A period story about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .	
The premise itself is just SOOOOO tired .	
Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .	
"Proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness ."	
Did we really need a remake of `` Charade ? ''	
Stealing Harvard ca n't even do that much .	
Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .	
The only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .	
You try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .	
I spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits	
"Entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel ."	
The satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .	
Less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .	
"an `` O Bruin , Where Art Thou ? ''"	
A feeble Tootsie knockoff .	
An awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .	
"... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid ."	
The very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .	
"An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message ."	
"A very familiar tale , one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin - , Indian - , Russian - and other hyphenate American young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages ."	
One key problem with these ardently Christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .	
"Essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality"	
"A relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action flick ."	
"Too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community ."	
Leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .	
"... a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable ."	
Swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell .	
"The histrionic muse still eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch ."	
You have no affinity for most of the characters .	
Nothing about them is attractive .	
What they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .	
A technically well-made suspenser ... but its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .	
"An inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more ."	
It 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .	
Eckstraordinarily lame and Severely boring .	
Eight Legged Freaks falls flat as a spoof .	
"No matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way ."	
You 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .	
"` Dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue ."	
"In his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , Silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls ."	
Veers uncomfortably close to pro-Serb propaganda .	
Movies like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .	
How about surprising us by trying something new ?	
Final verdict : You 've seen it all before .	
"Throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , Windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material ."	
If A Few Good Men told us that we `` ca n't handle the truth '' than High Crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we `` do n't care about the truth . ''	
"Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap ."	
You 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .	
The movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .	
This will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .	
A full-frontal attack on audience patience .	
"Any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of God are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors ."	
"It 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled ."	
Debut effort by `` Project Greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish .	
One gets the impression the creators of Do n't Ask Do n't Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .	
Too bad none of it is funny .	
"The cast has a high time , but de Broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp ."	
"The film , like Jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs ."	
Purports to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .	
... in the pile of useless actioners from MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .	
"Though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal , I felt disrespected ."	
Humor in I Spy is so anemic .	
The film is strictly routine .	
"Skillful as he is , Mr. Shyamalan is undone by his pretensions ."	
"In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase ."	
"It shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between ."	
You can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .	
Barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .	
"If you 're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you 're interested in Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid ."	
We get the comedy we settle for .	
The uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .	
Two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .	
A word of advice to the makers of The Singles Ward : Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .	
"And neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are ."	
Its appeal will probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists .	
The Hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .	
Cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .	
"Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick ."	
"All three descriptions suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new ."	
Hey Arnold !	
"is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation ."	
"True to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at ."	
Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago .	
The plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .	
Kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .	
Queen of the Damned is too long with too little going on .	
It collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .	
"Any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss ."	
"... Blade II is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves ."	
The Rules of Attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .	
"Though there are many tense scenes in Trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful ."	
"In this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian ."	
Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .	
"The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : There 's very little hustling on view ."	
This director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .	
Characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .	
"the Venezuelans say things like `` si , pretty much '' and `` por favor , go home '' when talking to Americans ."	
"That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly . ''"	
"It 's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud ."	
"If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will ."	
Director Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .	
"It 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 ."	
"Like the Tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on"	
As pedestrian as they come .	
A film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .	
"It 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary ."	
"Put it somewhere between Sling Blade and South of Heaven , West of Hell in the pantheon of Billy Bob 's body of work ."	
More intellectually scary than dramatically involving .	
"An inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle ."	
"The abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here ."	
As saccharine as it is disposable .	
"You come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another ."	
"The metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery ."	
"Very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all ."	
"Too much power , not enough puff ."	
The attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .	
"It 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances ."	
"A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ... Crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential ."	
"Muddled , trashy and incompetent"	
"For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and Rodan is out of his league ."	
Narc is all menace and atmosphere .	
"Though excessively tiresome , The Uncertainty Principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore ."	
"Despite Juliet Stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs ."	
It 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .	
It 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .	
A terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .	
There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .	
"As it stands , Crocodile Hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction ."	
The thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .	
"Enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid ."	
It may not be `` Last Tango in Paris '' but ...	
"They crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness ."	
"A pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film ."	
"American and European cinema has amassed a vast Holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone ."	
"Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish ."	
Go back to sleep .	
I did n't laugh .	
I did n't smile .	
I survived .	
The worst film of the year .	
"In the book-on-tape market , the film of `` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' would be an abridged edition"	
"A sour attempt at making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set ."	
Eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .	
"Taken as a whole , The Tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot ."	
This is no `` Waterboy ! ''	
Something has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .	
The result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .	
"... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made ."	
I ca n't recommend it .	
The Porky 's Revenge : Ultimate Edition ?	
The script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .	
Is `` Ballistic '' worth the price of admission ?	
Absolutely not .	
It sucked .	
Would I see it again ?	
Please see previous answer .	
A prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .	
The movie is obviously a labour of love so Howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .	
This is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .	
"What we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance ."	
"If only it were , well , funnier ."	
The script ?	
Please .	
Does n't add up to much .	
One of the worst movies of the year .	
A complete waste of time .	
"Long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser ."	
One of the worst movies of the year .	
... Watching it was painful .	
"The cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate ."	
Feral and uncomfortable .	
"Lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless ."	
Debate it .	
A glorious mess .	
A muted freak-out	
Weird .	
Almost peerlessly unsettling .	
Idiotic and ugly .	
Everything is off .	
One lousy movie .	
... hypnotically dull .	
Calculated swill .	
Thoroughly awful .	
Truly terrible .	
Fluffy and disposible .	
By-the-numbers yarn .	
Aan opportunity wasted .	
Storytelling feels slight .	
Bad company .	
Bad movie .	
Just plain bad .	
A high-minded snoozer .	
Execrable .	
Banal and predictable .	
Crikey indeed .	
Brisk hack job .	
... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .	
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .	
Obvious .	
Its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .	
... a pretentious mess ...	
Decent but dull .	
Thin period piece .	
Well-meant but unoriginal .	
Odd and weird .	
Cinematic poo .	
... stale and uninspired .	
A dreary movie .	
Pompous and garbled .	
Utter mush ... conceited pap .	
Well-meaning but inert .	
... overly melodramatic ...	
Extremely bad .	
Shrewd but pointless .	
"Sluggish , tonally uneven ."	
Generic thriller junk .	
Teens only .	
A non-mystery mystery .	
What an embarrassment .	
A noble failure .	
Woefully pretentious .	
... irritating soul-searching garbage .	
A relative letdown .	
Warmed-over hash .	
A puzzling experience .	
"Stale , futile scenario ."	
Aggravating and tedious .	
Lacks depth .	
under-rehearsed and lifeless	
"Laughably , irredeemably awful ."	
Unwieldy contraption .	
"Overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper ."	
An awful snooze .	
Just plain silly .	
Feeble comedy .	
... salaciously simplistic .	
Shallow .	
A less-than-thrilling thriller .	
Disjointed parody .	
... silly humbuggery ...	
Eh .	
Black-and-white and unrealistic .	
Two-bit potboiler .	
Painfully padded .	
"Anemic , pretentious ."	
Grating and tedious .	
Dramatically lackluster .	
Stay away .	
Far away .	
... a pretentious mess ...	
Predictably soulless techno-tripe .	
Arty gay film .	
Incoherence reigns .	
A half-assed film .	
Abysmally pathetic	
... unbearably lame .	
Bland but harmless .	
Dense and enigmatic ... elusive ... stagy and stilted	
Tends to plod .	
A major waste ... generic .	
... a confusing drudgery .	
A well-crafted letdown .	
Boring and meandering .	
Less than fresh .	
A lame comedy .	
A reality-snubbing hodgepodge .	
Fairly run-of-the-mill .	
Mildly entertaining .	
Terrible .	
Degenerates into hogwash .	
Meandering and confusing .	
Crummy .	
An opportunity missed .	
Wishy-washy .	
Inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .	
Insufferably naive .	
"Ill-considered , unholy hokum ."	
Amazingly lame .	
... really horrible drek .	
An intriguing near-miss .	
"Flat , misguided comedy ."	
Predictably melodramatic .	
Rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .	
Bearable .	
Barely .	
Staggeringly dreadful romance .	
A real snooze .	
No surprises .	
"Her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost ."	
In this case zero .	
